  "'You can conjecture what awaits you and your son,'" she recalled
  "A more determined enemy of matrimony than you I never saw," said
  "A pretty business, a pretty business!" said the nurse, "You, Kornei
  "After dinner there's no merit in them! Well, then, I'll give you
  "Ah! Why are you late?" the Prince said smiling, and giving him
  "Ah! Your Excellency!" cried Oblonsky, "Whom are you meeting?"
  "Ah!" he cried, clutching at his head, "You shouldn't say that!...
  "Ah!" she said, as though surprised. "I'm very glad you're at
  "Ah, Constantin Dmitrievich! So you've come back to our corrupt
  "Ah, Countess, you really must take me; for pity's sake do take me
  "Ah, I oughtn't to listen to you!" said the Prince glumly, getting
  "Ah, Vronsky! When are you coming to the regiment? We can't let
  "Ah, ah! You see that, you see that!" Nikolai shouted joyfully.
  "Ah, do tell me, please; you have visited her? How was she?" Darya
  "Ah, generosity!" said Nikolai, and he smiled. "If you want to be
  "Ah, how awful! Ah, Anna, if you had seen it! Ah, how awful!" he
  "Ah, how glad I am to see you!" she said, going up to her.
  "Ah, how glad I am to see you!" she said, holding out her hand to
  "Ah, how lovely of you!" she said, giving her husband her hand,
  "Ah, if you had seen it, Countess," said Stepan Arkadyevich. "And
  "Ah, if you knew the happiness we know, feeling His presence ever in
  "Ah, my dear fellow, you're defeated, utterly defeated!" cried
  "Ah, so you're here!" said she when she saw him. "Well, and what
  "Ah, that's the truth," said Sergei Ivanovich. "And you may say
  "Ah, to be sure, let me introduce you," he said. "My colleagues:
  "Ah, you must hear this story!" said Betsy, laughing, to a lady
  "Aha! You're in a new phase again, I see- a conservative," said
  "Alexei Alexandrovich! I know you are a truly magnanimous man," said
  "Alexei Alexandrovich! What is it you want of me?"
  "Alexei Alexandrovich, you are not like yourself," said Oblonsky,
  "Alexei, you have not changed to me?" she said, pressing his hand in
  "All is over," she said; "I have nothing but you. Remember that."
  "All our own set. Kitty's here. Come along, I'll introduce you to
  "All right," said the Englishman. "Oh, where are you going, my
  "All right. I see," said Stepan Arkadyevich. "I should ask you to
  "All the same I don't agree with you," said the lady's voice.
  "All the same, Anna, to tell you the truth, I'm not very anxious for
  "Allow me to see you home," said the colonel.
  "Altogether, I've enjoyed our outing awfully. And you, Levin?"
  "Altogether," pursued Sergei Ivanovich, "you're satisfied with
  "Am I right, that you have some reminiscences connected with that
  "And I beg you to explain why I should not go."
  "And I have confidence in myself when you are leaning on me," he
  "And I see you think he's a horrid man?"
  "And I will go with you- may I?" she said.
  "And I will let you alone! And it's high time I did, and go to the
  "And about Sergei Ivanovich and Varenka. You've noticed?... I'm very
  "And are you coming with us?" Varenka said to Levin in confusion,
  "And confess there is a feeling that you want to jump out of the
  "And do you imagine he realizes all the awfulness of my position?
  "And do you suppose she understands nothing?" said Nikolai. "She
  "And have you any children?"
  "And he bowed to you like this?"
  "And here's my opinion for you. Women are the chief stumbling
  "And how far do you agree with Spencer yourself about it?" asked
  "And so you were saying?..." he said.
  "And what were you thinking about?"
  "And where are you going to sleep?"
  "And whom are you meeting?" he asked.
  "And won't you have a lying-in ward?" asked Dolly. "That's so much
  "And you shall stand all day in the corner, and have your dinner all
  "And you went nowhere this evening? Weren't You really bored?" he
  "And you're not frightened?"
  "And you've got a little curl loose," he said, carefully turning her
  "And you? What are you dissatisfied with?" she asked, with the
  "And you?" Kitty asked, with an ironical and loving smile.
  "And you?" he said, shaking himself.
  "Anna, I beg you not to speak disrespectfully of my mother."
  "Anna, I must have a talk with you."
  "Anna, I must warn you," he began.
  "Anna, for God's sake! What is the matter with you?" he said,
  "Anna, is this you?" said Alexei Alexandrovich quietly, making an
  "Anna, we'll go the day after tomorrow, if you like. I agree to
  "Anna, you hurt me. Don't you trust me? Haven't I told you that I
  "Another turn, eh? You're not tired?" said Korsunsky, a little out
  "Anyway you propose, when your love is ripe, or when the balance has
  "Are you always in the country?" he inquired. "I should think it
  "Are you cold? You're pale. Stop a minute, stoop down," said Kitty's
  "Are you coming to this ball? asked Kitty.
  "Are you definitely going tomorrow then?" asked Vronsky.
  "Are you going away, or has something happened?"
  "Are you going shooting, then, tomorrow?" she said.
  "Are you going to stay in town long?" Kitty questioned him.
  "Are you going too?" she said to him.
  "Are you really going to the theater?" he said, trying not to look
  "Are you trying to surmise?" responded Levin, his eyes, gleaming
  "Are you, though? Heavily?" said Bartniansky sympathetically.
  "Aren't you ashamed of yourself? I can't think how you can be so
  "Aren't you frightened, eh?" said Marya Dmitrievna, an old aunt.
  "Aren't you tired, Kitty?" called the Princess.
  "Arsenii goes to extremes, I always say," said his wife. "If you
  "As you know, we cannot determine the incipience of the tubercular
  "As you like."
  "As you please."
  "As you see," responded Vronsky, knitting his brows, wiping his
  "At our last conversation, I notified you of my intention of
  "Because it might cause you..." He hesitated.
  "Because you always look the loveliest of all."
  "Believe me, I appreciate it, and I hope you won't regret it,"
  "Besides, what is it to you- two days? And he's an awfully fine,
  "But "But you are so busy..."
  "But Alexei Alexandrovich, my celebrated brother-in-law, you
  "But I hope, Count, you would not consent to live in the country
  "But I personally value friendly relations with you more because..."
  "But I really don't know what it is you are surprised at. The people
  "But I tell you there's nothing in common. They deny the justice
  "But I tell you what," the landowner pursued; "a neighbor of mine, a
  "But I think you ought to. You ought to do all you can."
  "But I would advise you to settle the thing as soon as possible,"
  "But I... On the contrary... I can see you're hurt...."
  "But as far as I can make out, you are unfortunately one of the
  "But do you know you are preparing trouble for yourself," said
  "But do you mean to say you don't know?..." he began.
  "But don't excite yourself. It's not at all the thing for you to
  "But don't you all care for these animal pleasures?" she said, and
  "But he sees this and knows it. And do you suppose it weighs on
  "But how have you managed?..." Dolly was beginning a question as
  "But how was it settled between you, mamma?"
  "But how will you do about dining with them? To send you a bottle of
  "But in what do you see the special characteristics of the Russian
  "But in what way?" Kitty pursued with the same smile. "Don't you,
  "But is that love, my friend? Is it sincere? Admitting that you have
  "But is the thing settled between you or isn't it? If it's
  "But my child!" she shrieked. "You see what he writes! I should have
  "But perhaps you are right. Very likely... I don't know- I
  "But that's a joke, and a poor one too, if you'll excuse me saying
  "But then, you know, there are always moral, spiritual causes at the
  "But then, you make complaints to the justice too," said Sviiazhsky.
  "But this was just what I wanted, to find you alone," he began,
  "But time's money, you forget that," said the colonel.
  "But what are you talking about?" he said, horrified at her
  "But what can I do? Nothing. You tell me to marry Alexei, and say
  "But what did you tell me just now?... Well, the young men enter
  "But what did you think about me? You didn't think I was dead?"
  "But what did you want the carpenter for?"
  "But what do you think, Piotr Dmitrievich? Do you suppose it will go
  "But what makes you suppose so?"
  "But who is a cheat?" said Varenka reproachfully. "You speak as
  "But whoever told you that? No one has said that. I'm certain he was
  "But why are you complaining, Stepan Arkadyevich?"
  "But why are you going? Do stay a little."
  "But why are you making all this fuss? Have what we usually do."
  "But why can't you? I must own I can't make it out. Indifference,
  "But why didn't you come to dinner?" she said, admiring him.
  "But why so? If it's rational, you'll be able to keep up the same
  "But you are upset about something? What have you come for?" asked
  "But you can't manage so, ma'am," said Agathya Mikhailovna, who
  "But you have said that already. This is bad. Seriozha, very bad. If
  "But you haven't told me what you were thinking of when I came
  "But you must understand that I want nothing," said Vronsky, "except
  "But you must, really, Dolly..."
  "But you said yourself that you can't endure him."
  "But you said yourself the people are at such a low stage of
  "But you say it's an institution that's served its time."
  "But you used to say you'd never wear European dress again," he
  "But you work your land with hired laborers?"
  "But you'll quarrel with him?"
  "But you're ill or worried," he went on, without letting go her
  "But you're not making a mistake? You know what we're speaking
  "But you've rather a feverish complexion," he said, laying stress on
  "But, I beg your pardon, I interrupted you... You were saying?..."
  "But, I repeat, it's an accomplished fact. Then you had, let us say,
  "But, Kostia, you're exaggerating," said Kitty, at the bottom of her
  "But, dear friend, do not give way to the feeling of which you
  "But, you see, we manage our land without such extreme measures,"
  "But, you see, you don't throw it up," said Nikolai Ivanovich
  "C'est devenu tellement commun les ecoles," said Vronsky. "You
  "Can't you go tomorrow?" she said.
  "Capital! I intended to send to you. How's Kitty? Sit here, it's
  "Come along with us to look for mushrooms, you will show us the best
  "Come to my wife- she does so want to see you."
  "Come, I'll tell you how we'll manage: you drive in our carriage
  "Come, Kitty. Do you possibly think I cannot know? I know all.
  "Come, don't let your imagination run away with you," said Stepan
  "Come, tell me how things are going with you," said Levin,
  "Come, tell me what I ought to do to give you peace of mind? I am
  "Come, that'll do, you can go," said Stepan Arkadyevich, blushing
  "Come, you see now that it was not that I grudged the marsh," said
  "Come, you'd better let philosophy alone," he said. "The chief
  "Come, you've done enough trudging about in the heat," Sergei
  "Could we cut the Mashkin Upland too?- what do you think?" he said
  "Count, your maman is asking for you," said the young Princess
  "Darling Dolly, I understand, but don't torture yourself You are
  "Darya Alexandrovna told me to inform you that she is going away.
  "Dear Madame- To be reminded of you might result in your son's
  "Dear friend!" she said in a voice breaking with emotion. "You ought
  "Dear friend, you never see evil in anyone!"
  "Dear me! What you look like!" said Sergei Ivanovich, for the
  "Delighted that you've come. For how long? How's your farming
  "Delighted to see you," said Princess Shcherbatskaia. "On
  "Delighted! I believe I've had the pleasure of meeting you... at
  "Delightful! What a spring we're having! How ever did you get
  "Did you get my note?" he said. "There's never any finding you."
  "Did you have a good walk?" said Alexei Alexandrovich, sitting
  "Did you know her before her illness, Prince- that's to say,
  "Didn't expect me, did you?" said Stepan Arkadyevich, getting out of
  "Divorce, you mean?" said Anna. "Do you know, the only woman who
  "Do just as you like, only let it be as soon as possible," he
  "Do you allow me to listen?" he asked.
  "Do you know Anna Arkadyevna, then?" Veslovsky asked her. "She's a
  "Do you know I've been thinking about you," said Sergei Ivanovich.
  "Do you know Madame Karenina? We are traveling together. I am
  "Do you know Veslovsky has been at Anna's, and he's going to them
  "Do you know this Mikhailov?"
  "Do you know what we were talking about when you came in?"
  "Do you know what, Levin, I'll gallop home on that outrigger. That
  "Do you know your little Vania's with me- a clerk in the
  "Do you know, I understand now what it all came from," Kitty was
  "Do you know, Kostia, with whom Sergei Ivanovich traveled on his way
  "Do you know, he has never met Anna?" Stepan Arkadyevich said to
  "Do you know, you remind me of the story of the advice given to
  "Do you know," said Darya Alexandrovna, "I am awfully, awfully sorry
  "Do you paint?" said Golenishchev turning round quickly to Vronsky.
  "Do you remember your mother?" he asked suddenly.
  "Do you say that it's not right? But you must consider," she went
  "Do you suppose I don't know that I've acted wrongly? But who was
  "Do you suppose I don't see it, my dear? It's high time I should
  "Do you suppose I don't see the line you've taken up with your wife?
  "Do you suppose he can possibly recover?" said Levin, watching a
  "Do you think so?- Who's there?" asked Stepan Arkadyevich, hearing
  "Do you wish to get out?"
  "Do you wish to get out?" asked Annushka.
  "Do. Am I forbidding you?"
  "Dolly, how glad I am to see you!"
  "Dolly, hush, darling. I saw Stiva when he was in love with you. I
  "Don't mind me, please," Levin sat down in the window. "Have you
  "Don't you feel sorry for that unlucky Pievtsov?" she went on,
  "Don't you know that you're all my life to me? But I know no
  "Don't you think I want more sweating down?"
  "Don't you think there's something Louis Quinze about Tushkevich?"
  "Drink it up; you positively must drink the vodka, and then
  "Even if so, you must..."
  "Everything. I can't act except from the heart, and you act from
  "Excuse me, Your Excellency, for venturing to trouble you. But if
  "Excuse me, but you know one really can't argue in that way," he
  "Excuse me, you seem to put me in the position of the guilty party,"
  "For me? For me? How mad I am!... But why make you miserable? It's
  "For the third time I offer you my arm," he said to her after a
  "For their soul? That, you understand, is a most puzzling expression
  "For two hours, then? Not more?" she inquired. "You should let Piotr
  "For you and Oblonsky. He'll be here directly."
  "For you it's a matter of obstinacy," she said, watching him
  "For you to drive to the station," Levin said gloomily pinching
  "For you, for other people," said Anna, as though divining her
  "Forgive me, if what I have said displeases you," he said humbly.
  "Friends we shall never be- that you know yourself. Whether we shall
  "Get up; you won't feel so excited."
  "Glad to see me- but you didn't let me know. My brother's staying
  "Go and speak to her- she likes you so much."
  "Go to her, sir; own your fault again. Maybe God will aid you. She
  "Good evening, maman. I have come to you," he said coldly.
  "Good-by, Ivan Petrovich. And would you see if my brother is here,
  "Hardly. He's a remarkable portrait painter. Have you ever seen
  "Have you a lot of people? Who's here?" asked Levin, unable to
  "Have you been here long?" she said, giving him her hand. "Thank
  "Have you been long with my brother?" he said to her.
  "Have you been sowing wheat long?"
  "Have you ever seen a reaping machine?" she said, addressing Darya
  "Have you had a good night?" he said, bowing both to her and to
  "Have you heard that even the Maltishcheva- the mother, not the
  "Have you known Vronsky long? she asked.
  "Have you known him long?" asked Kitty.
  "Have you only just come?" said Oblonsky, coming quickly toward
  "Have you quite settled about the forest with Riabinin?" asked
  "Here he is!" shouted the colonel. "Iashvin told me you were in
  "Here in Moscow? Where is he? Do you know?" Levin got up from his
  "Here you are at last!" she observed, extending her hand to him.
  "Here you are, the forest is mine," he said, crossing himself
  "Here's Dolly for you, Princess, you were so anxious to see her,"
  "Here, do you see?... He pointed to some sort of short iron bars,
  "Here, if you please," he said, moving on one side with his nimble
  "His Honor left word that if you cared to drive out, the carriage
  "How absurd you are!" said Darya Alexandrovna, looking with mournful
  "How absurd! What absurd nonsense you are talking!"
  "How are you feeling today?" her brother asked her.
  "How can you be bored, Prince? There's so much that's interesting
  "How can you be bored? Why, you live among the merriest people in
  "How can you be dull at a ball?"
  "How can you tell that you won't?"
  "How could you find out what sort of heart he has?"
  "How did you like Nilsson?" he asked.
  "How disgusting you are, you men! How is it you can't understand
  "How do you dress without me? How..." she made an attempt to talk
  "How do you feel?" Levin asked in a whisper, after a silence.
  "How do you feel?" she asked him.
  "How do you know he had side whiskers like sausages, as you put it?"
  "How do you know? Yes!"
  "How do you mean- for nothing?" said Stepan Arkadyevich with a
  "How do you mean? Bertenev's party against the Russian communists?"
  "How do you mean? Just like one of the peasants, all day long?"
  "How do you mean?"
  "How do you mean?"
  "How does it serve you right? I don't understand," she said.
  "How glad I am to meet you!" said Vronsky, showing his strong
  "How glad I am you have come," Dolly said with a frightened smile,
  "How glad I am you've been seeing him!" said Sludin. "He's not well,
  "How glad I am you've come!" said Betsy. "I'm tired, and was just
  "How glad I am," he said, "that you should know her! You know
  "How good of you to come in good time," he said to her, embracing
  "How good you are! How good you are!" cried Kitty, and stopping her,
  "How happy I shall be when I hear that you're in love!" said
  "How have you defended me?"
  "How have you got on?" queried Levin. But there was no need to
  "How is it that you, living constantly in the country, are not a
  "How is it you don't know?"
  "How is it you don't see? She's a brunette, and it won't suit
  "How is it you're defending him?" he said, smiling.
  "How is it, though you boast of your straightforwardness, you
  "How is your wife? Have you been at the concert? We couldn't go.
  "How little of the military man there is left in you!" Serpukhovskoy
  "How many times have I told you to tell me at once?"
  "How queer you are today!" Dolly said to her.
  "How quickly work gets done with you!" said Sviiazhsky. "When I
  "How spiteful you are today!"
  "How was it, then? Where did you meet Alexei Alexandrovich?" Her
  "How well you said that, mamma! It's just by the eyes, by smiles
  "How? How do you mean? For what reason?" said Stepan Arkadyevich
  "I absolutely must talk to you; come at once."
  "I am afraid that you must have been dreadfully bored," he said,
  "I am afraid you are not quite comfortable here," she said,
  "I am afraid you'll be cold upstairs," observed Dolly, addressing
  "I am glad everything has ended so well, and that you have
  "I am obliged to tell you that your behavior has been unbecoming
  "I am obliged to tell you..." he began.
  "I am perfectly well and happy. If you were uneasy about me, you can
  "I am so glad to see you," she said with a trembling voice.
  "I am so glad you like Dolly. You do, don't you?"
  "I am thinking you can't love me. What can you love me for?"
  "I am very glad it gives you pleasure," Varenka answered simply.
  "I am very glad to see you, particularly today," said Countess Lidia
  "I am very glad you have come," he said, sitting down beside her,
  "I am very grateful to you for your confidence, but..." he said,
  "I am very sorry that you don't care to understand," he interrupted,
  "I am very sorry you weren't there," she said. "It wasn't so much
  "I am very, very grateful to you, both for your deeds and for your
  "I am, but I can't be the first to talk about it. You can see by
  "I angry? But how have you come- where?"
  "I assure you that I can sleep like a marmot anywhere and any time."
  "I beg you not to meddle, and that is all."
  "I beg you to explain..." he said with dignity, understanding at
  "I beg you to hear me out; it is necessary. I must explain my
  "I beg you, I entreat you," she said suddenly, taking his hand,
  "I begged, I implored you not to go; I knew it would be
  "I believe I was to have dined with you this winter," he said,
  "I believe you picture every woman simply as a female, une
  "I came to say good-by to you," she said, getting up.
  "I cannot help thanking you."
  "I congratulate you," she said to him, her eyes on his ribbon.
  "I did not tell you yesterday," she began, breathing quickly and
  "I did so want you all to care for me, as I do for you, and now I
  "I didn't know you were going. And why are you going?" she said,
  "I didn't know you were here," she said, unmistakably feeling no
  "I didn't want to see you for anything," he answered timidly.
  "I didn't want to show it to you, because Stiva has such a passion
  "I don't expect you to understand me, my feelings, as anyone who
  "I don't have a cold bath- papa didn't order it. And you've not seen
  "I don't know if you remember me, but I must recall myself to
  "I don't know what you are referring to, maman," he answered coldly.
  "I don't know you with this short hair. You've grown so pretty. A
  "I don't know!" said Levin, jumping up. "you only knew how you are
  "I don't know. It depends upon you," he said, and was immediately
  "I don't know. That was just why I have not been to see you. I
  "I don't know; but if you are convinced that you have no right..."
  "I don't talk about you- not about you at all. You're perfection.
  "I don't think anything," she said, "but I always loved you, and
  "I don't understand what you are asking."
  "I don't understand what you are doing," said Levin, shrugging his
  "I don't understand you," said Levin, sitting up in the hay; "how is
  "I don't understand," she answered, panic-stricken; "you mean you
  "I don't want to drive you away."
  "I don't want you, Piotr."
  "I got it, and I really can't make out what you are worrying
  "I hate them all, and you, and myself," his eyes responded, and he
  "I hate your calm. You ought not to have brought me to this. If
  "I have already begged you so to conduct yourself in society that
  "I have come to tell you that I am going tomorrow to Moscow, and
  "I have just come, and very much wanted to see you," said Levin,
  "I have left this question to you to decide, and I am very glad to
  "I have nothing to grieve over," she said, calming down, "but you
  "I have sent to mamma. You go quickly to fetch Lizaveta Petrovna....
  "I have told you."
  "I haven't asked you about that," he said, all at once, resolutely
  "I hope to have the honor of calling on you," he said.
  "I hope you believe in my love for my sister and my sincere
  "I hope you will be there?" he said to Kitty. As soon as the old
  "I hope you won't be dull?"
  "I imagine you at the ball in lilac."
  "I intended... I wanted to have a little talk with you about my
  "I introduced you to him as Landau," she said in a soft voice,
  "I know how you do everything," answered Dolly. "You tell Matvei
  "I know if one were to listen to you," interrupted the Princess, "we
  "I know more of the world than you do," she said. I know how men
  "I know nothing about it, Princess. Do as you think fit," he said.
  "I know something. Stiva told me, and I congratulate you. I liked
  "I know why you press me to come to the ball. You expect a great
  "I know you and the good"- again he caught a moth- "work you are
  "I know, of course," said Levin, "that this simply means that you
  "I must get coats, you know, for Grisha and Tania. Give me the
  "I must talk with you of a grave and painful subject. There we
  "I must tell you about that. I was busy- and with what, do you
  "I only wanted to give you mother's letter. Answer it and don't
  "I ordered them to be got ready. What would you have with those
  "I presume that your husband has told you the grounds on which I
  "I quite understand, and I merely meant to offer you my services,"
  "I really didn't mean to hurt you," said Varenka, smiling.
  "I repeat my request that you will not speak disrespectfully of my
  "I saw how you looked while we were talking at supper."
  "I saw you were in uncertainty about me," said Levin, smiling
  "I say, Marya Vassilyevna, you claimed those flyaway crinolines were
  "I say, my dear, have you heard? He has handed in a minority
  "I say, why do you talk of Sergei Ivanovich?" Levin let drop,
  "I see something has happened. Do you suppose I can be at peace,
  "I see that my presence is irksome to you. Painful as it is to me to
  "I see you don't know that name. That's our club designation. You
  "I shall be delighted, we will go. And have you had any shooting yet
  "I shall be so glad if you go. I should so like to see you at a
  "I shall be very glad to; I'll go and put on my hat. Would you say
  "I should be very, very grateful to you," said Anna. "But won't
  "I should not have been surprised if you had not cared to meet me.
  "I should think so! You should have seen what was going on at the
  "I speak French, and you must too."
  "I tell you that it's not a case of hundreds or of ne'er-do-wells,
  "I tell you what I think," said Stepan Arkadyevich, smiling. "But
  "I tell you what we'll do tomorrow. Dolly, ask him to dinner.
  "I tell you what," said Anna, who had for a long while been
  "I tell you what: it's a lovely day, let's go and have another
  "I tell you, it's just here. As soon as you get out..." he said,
  "I tell you, that if you go, I shall come with you; I shall
  "I think I've had the pleasure of meeting you," he said, looking
  "I think you are partly right. Our difference of opinion amounts
  "I think you had better stay here, Alexandre," said his wife.
  "I think you're giving way to pessimism. You must rouse yourself,
  "I thought it was you and dared not think it. How delightful! You
  "I thought you had someone with you. Can I see the letter?"
  "I thought you were going toward the piano," said he, going up to
  "I told them to come on Sunday, and till then not to trouble you
  "I told you I did not know whether I should be here long... that
  "I told you it was mother!" he shouted to the governess. "I knew
  "I told you not to let anyone out!" he cried to the doorkeeper.
  "I told you not to sit passengers on the roof," said the little girl
  "I told you that I would not allow you to receive your lover in this
  "I told you you weren't late," the deputy prosecutor was saying at
  "I want never to meet that man here, and I want you to conduct
  "I want to tell you that I can't dine at your house, because the
  "I want to warn you," he said in a low voice, "that through
  "I want you to go to Moscow and ask for Kitty's forgiveness," she
  "I was beginning to think you meant to run away," she said, and
  "I was just thinking the very same thing," he said; "how could you
  "I was looking out for you till two o'clock last night. Where did
  "I was very busy. Delighted to see you!" he said in a tone clearly
  "I will communicate my decision to you by letter," said Alexei
  "I will do just what you say," he said gloomily.
  "I will only say one thing more: you know that I am speaking of my
  "I will say one thing, Alexei Alexandrovich. I know you for an
  "I won't prevent you," he might say. "You can go where you like. You
  "I wouldn't attempt to teach you what you write about in your
  "I wouldn't be in a hurry if I were you," said Levin.
  "I wrote to you and Sergei Ivanovich both that I don't know you, and
  "I'd come and see you if I were sure I shouldn't find Sergei
  "I'll come when you get married," said Varenka.
  "I'll see to the supper, you sit still," she said, and got up to
  "I'll send him to you at once."
  "I'll send to him and find out, and let you know," Betsy whispered
  "I'll show you," she said, taking her husband's hand, lifting it
  "I'll tell you what interests me very much," said Levin. "He's right
  "I'll tell you what: let's go to Gurin's to lunch, and there we
  "I'll tell you, then," he said with heat, "I imagine the
  "I'll tell you," said the doctor, beckoning over Sludin's head to
  "I'll tell you. Suppose you're married; you love your wife, but
  "I'm a fine fellow! Why, that's just what I came for! You simply
  "I'm awfully sorry for you both! And how happy I should be if I
  "I'm going now, and shall entrench myself at home, and you won't
  "I'm going, you see- taking him as far as Kursk," she said.
  "I'm much better already," he said. "Why, with you I should have got
  "I'm not angry with you," he said still as gloomily; "but this is
  "I'm not defending him, it's nothing to me; but I imagine, if you
  "I'm not interrupting you?" said Stepan Arkadyevich, on the sight of
  "I'm so glad you think so," said Stepan Arkadyevich, shaking his
  "I'm sorry I told you," said Sergei Ivanovich, shaking his head at
  "I'm sure you won't be angry at my going. Stiva begged me to, and
  "I've always been hearing about you through my wife," said
  "I've been expecting you all the while," said his mother, smiling
  "I've come to fetch you. Your lessive lasted a good time today,"
  "I've intended long since to tell you something, maman: did you know
  "I've known you for a long while, and am very glad to make a
  "I've said it to you twenty times, don't enter into details.
  "I've tried it. It's hard work at first, but you get into it. I dare
  "I? Do you think so? I'm not queer, but I'm nasty. I am like that
  "I? Not at all! I'm very satisfied and happy. You see, je fais
  "I?... Yes," said Anna. "Merciful heavens, Tania! You're the same
  "If I did not like you," she said, and tears came into her eyes; "if
  "If only they're better than I! That's all I desire. You don't
  "If only you'd ordered out the carriage! But no! And then I hear:
  "If the story of such a girl were thoroughly sifted, you would
  "If you admit that it is a benefit," said Sergei Ivanovich, "then,
  "If you are you can get in, as the horses are quiet and walking."
  "If you ask my advice," she said, having finished her prayer and
  "If you can, lead the race; but don't lose heart till the last
  "If you care for my profession of faith as regards that, I'll tell
  "If you care to be in my service," he said to the valet who came in,
  "If you care to know my opinion,"- said Stepan Arkadyevich, with the
  "If you follow me, I will call in the servants, and the children!
  "If you go to Moscow, I will go too. I will not stay here. Either we
  "If you had any sins," she said, "they would all be forgiven you for
  "If you love me, as you say," she whispered, "you will do this, so
  "If you prefer it, Your Excellency, a private room will be free
  "If you so much wish it, I will come," said Alexei Alexandrovich,
  "If you want to go out, let's go together," he said, disinclined
  "If you want to hear my confession of faith on the subject, I tell
  "If you want to, do; but I shouldn't advise it," said Sergei
  "If you were riding him," said the Englishman, "I'd bet on you.
  "If you will allow me to give my opinion, I think that it lies
  "If you would care to look at the hospital, and are not really
  "In a week's time. You will be kind enough to communicate to me your
  "In the first place, I did not ask him to give you any message;
  "Is it long since you've been to see them?"
  "Is there anything troubling you? However, I've no right to ask such
  "It can't go on. I hope that now you will leave him. I hope"- he was
  "It is old; but, do you know, when you grasp this fully, then
  "It may be obtained if you give me complete liberty of action," said
  "It was jolly of you to make up your mind to come," he said to him.
  "It was not you who performed that noble act of forgiveness, at
  "It was that Therese you used to know?"
  "It was very, very early in the morning. You were probably only just
  "It will be dull for you," said Countess Lidia Ivanovna,
  "It will be lighter for you here," answered her sister-in-law.
  "It will be over today, you will see," said Marya Nikolaevna. Though
  "It will end sooner than you and your lover have planned! If you
  "It won't come as we suppose. I didn't mean to say this to you,
  "It would have been miserable for you to be alone," she said, and
  "It's a long story. I will tell you some time," said Levin- but
  "It's a long while since we've seen you here, sir," said the
  "It's a pity you're going away," said Stepan Arkadyevich.
  "It's a rest to waltz with you," he said to her, as they fell into
  "It's all very well for you to talk," said she, "when you have I
  "It's fortunate," said he, "especially as I meant to ask you to
  "It's not as it was with poor Nikolenka.... You really cared for
  "It's not only that she likes you- she says that Kitty is certain to
  "It's not that you're no good at it," said Sergei Ivanovich, "it
  "It's nothing; I wanted you to look round," she said, watching
  "It's splendid as exercise, only you'll hardly be able to stand it,"
  "It's very flattering for me, Countess, that you remember my words
  "It's very well for you to talk like that; it's very much like
  "It's worse that cruel- it's base, if you want to know!" Anna cried,
  "Italian bookkeeping," said the landowner ironically. "You may
  "Just as we do," said Levin. "Very, very glad to have met you," he
  "Just as you wish."
  "Just see, now, and you were quite in despair," said Matriona
  "K-ha! K-ha! Damnation! Why do you keep fidgeting- why don't you
  "Katia, I've been worrying you! Darling, forgive me! It's madness!
  "Katia, it's not good for you to stand," her husband said to her,
  "Kindly consider," he began, "cases of that kind are, as you are
  "Kitty! What are you thinking of?" he said reproachfully.
  "Kitty, haven't you had some misunderstanding with the Petrovs?"
  "Kitty, mind you're the first to step on the carpet," said
  "Kitty, you're not dancing the mazurka?"
  "Kitty, you're unjust."
  "Kostia, do you know I've only fifty roubles left?"
  "Kouzma, give me my sheepskin coat. And you, do tell them to fetch a
  "Let it be! Don't annoy me! I'll beat you!" he shouted.
  "Let me ask you, Konstantin Dmitrievich," said Darya Alexandrovna,
  "Let me introduce you," said the Princess, indicating Levin.
  "Let me introduce you." He mentioned their names.
  "Let us go, if you like," he said in French, but Anna was
  "Let's go in. Come, tell me what you're doing."
  "Let's go- let's take a walk! We shan't go to sleep, you know.
  "Looking older, did you say? Il fait des passions. I believe
  "Love those that hate you, but to love those one hates is
  "Love those that hate you..." Darya Alexandrovna whispered,
  "Maman meant to go and see the Petrovs. Won't you be there?" said
  "Maman, I have asked you not to say anything to me of that," he
  "Mamma, how did papa propose to you?" Kitty asked suddenly.
  "Marvelous!" Pestsov was saying in his deep bass. "How are you,
  "May I trouble you to sit down, Princess?" the celebrated doctor
  "Maybe I have. And do you know why? You'll say again that I'm a
  "Mind you're not late!" was Iashvin's only comment; and, to change
  "More than eight hundred. If you reckon those who have been sent not
  "Most, most loathsome and coarse: I couldn't tell you. This is not
  "My God! What have I done? Dolly! For God's sake!... You know..." He
  "My feeling cannot change, you know, but I beg you, I entreat
  "My words must make a deep impression on you, since you remember
  "Never mind, we'll slip something under you and pull you out. I
  "Never mind; you tell them I'll pay the bill!" and he vanished,
  "No one says so. Only I hope you won't shoot yourself by accident
  "No! Do you really think it's possible? No- tell me all you think!
  "No, Alexei Alexandrovich! What are you saying?" cried Oblonsky, and
  "No, I can't guess. You tell me," said Vassilii Lukich with a smile,
  "No, I can't stand it!" said Levin, jumping up. "So you'll be with
  "No, I don't. Why do you ask?"
  "No, I'm going, Dolly, you sit still," he said. "We'll do it all
  "No, I'm so glad of a chance of being alone with you, and I must
  "No, excuse me, but if you consider this inequality is unjust, why
  "No, he is depressing. Do you know why I'm going today instead of
  "No, if it were unjust, you could not enjoy these advantages and
  "No, joking apart, whatever you choose is sure to be good. I've been
  "No, let me speak," her mother went on, "why, you yourself would not
  "No, no! How do you look at my position, what do you think of it?"
  "No, no, it can't be! No, for God's sake, you are mistaken," said
  "No, sir. The mistress is at home. But will you please go to the
  "No, stay as you were," said Anna, coming up, "and we'll go in the
  "No, stop a minute, stop a minute," he said. "You must understand
  "No, tell me all the same.... You see my life. But you mustn't
  "No, tell me why you don't want me to be often at the Petrovs? You
  "No, thank you!"
  "No, thank you, I won't have any more tea," said Levin, and
  "No, thank you. We can manage very well now."
  "No, the heart does speak; but just consider: you men have views
  "No, they will come after us. Where are you going to?"
  "No, wait a minute, please. I must tell you... no, I mean you,"
  "No, wait a minute. You must not ruin her. Wait a little; I will
  "No, why not? I'll tell you," said Varenka simply, and, without
  "No, why should you?"
  "No, why should you?" answered Levin, calculating that Vassenka
  "No, you did quite, quite right to come," he said, and was silent
  "No, you do as I told you," he said, smoothing his remark with a
  "No, you may say what you like, Prince- there's the interest of
  "No, you only say that; no doubt you know all about it as well as
  "No, you were not mistaken," she said slowly, looking desperately
  "No, you're a lucky man! You've got everything you like. You like
  "No- tell me, mamma, what do you think?"
  "No. Do you want anything?" Alexei Alexandrovich said reluctantly.
  "No. I'm not going to let you go for anything," answered Betsy,
  "No. You'll never guess. A splendid thing- but it's a secret. When
  "No; I don't know whether you know it or not, but I don't care.
  "No; good-by, all of you. I'm not going to drink today."
  "No; that screaming story is positively capital! Did you really hear
  "No; we only came to fetch you, and I thank you," she said,
  "No; why shouldn't you come today to dine, anyway? My wife's
  "No; you can ask anyone you like," Konstantin Levin answered with
  "No; you don't care, perhaps, to meet Stremov? Let him and Alexei
  "No; you laugh," said Anna, laughing too, in spite of herself,
  "Nonsense! However, are you going to race in this mud?" said the
  "Not a bit of it, sir; mow in the rain, and you'll rake in fine
  "Not all," said Dolly. "You judge by your own husband. It makes
  "Not at all," he said. "Listen to me. You can't see your own
  "Not at all. I don't want anything. Where you can go, I can..."
  "Not at all. Why do you always look down on me and Matvei?" said
  "Not for one moment. I'm only vexed, that's true, that you seem
  "Not much? You come with me to Paris instead of to Mulhouse. You
  "Not one, on my honor. But if I have, I'll catch them. You
  "Not one," said Sergei Ivanovich. "Did you?"
  "Now mind, you'll forget- I know you!- or rush off home to the
  "Now there is something I want to talk about, and you know what it
  "Now you go and I'll stay with the horses," he said.
  "Now, Kostia, you have to decide," said Stepan Arkadyevich with an
  "O, Kitty told me to talk to you about Oblonsky," he said, as Lvov
  "Of course I know you; I know you very well," the Prince said to her
  "Of course you wanted to stay, and you stayed. You do everything you
  "Of course, they must be counted. You didn't count them, but
  "Of course. I'm collecting subscriptions. Oh, did you make the
  "Of passion? What antediluvian notions you have! Whoever talks of
  "Oh heavens! Ever so many times! But, you see, some men can play,
  "Oh yes, to be sure you'd not have let her in! After ten years'
  "Oh! What a happy time you are at," pursued Anna. "I remember, and I
  "Oh! do you know brother Nikolai's turned up again?"
  "Oh! if everyone were as sensitive as you are!" said Varenka. "There
  "Oh, I meant to tell you yesterday, the harrows want repairing. Here
  "Oh, I say, are you going tonight to our people- the Shcherbatskys',
  "Oh, I shall be delighted, I beg of you to do so," said Mikhailov
  "Oh, I shan't remember all that, if you tell it to me.... But what
  "Oh, I stepped on the rug before Vassilii on purpose. And you,
  "Oh, I was sorry for you."
  "Oh, absolutely! He has been to see us. Come, what is it? You go in,
  "Oh, according to the attacks made on you. But won't you have some
  "Oh, all right, that's what you think- and let me alone!" answered
  "Oh, but how was it? You loved him, at any rate, before you were
  "Oh, by the way, there's a letter for you," said he. "Kouzma,
  "Oh, by the way," said Stepan Arkadyevich, "I wanted to ask you,
  "Oh, by what work? Do you call it work to get hold of concessions
  "Oh, come, you say yourself Ivan has begun looking after the
  "Oh, do you still think of coming to me for some shooting? Come next
  "Oh, don't trouble about the money. I've come to see you to talk
  "Oh, don't you come," said the sick man angrily. "I'll do it
  "Oh, don't you know it? That's a buck hare. But enough talking!
  "Oh, get along with you! An inveterate supporter of serfdom at
  "Oh, good-by then. You give me carte blanche!"
  "Oh, how can you steal up on anyone like that! How you startled me!"
  "Oh, how like Stiva you said that!" said Dolly, laughing.
  "Oh, if I had known," said Anna, "that you do not despise me!... You
  "Oh, if you don't want to say, don't. Only it's no good your talking
  "Oh, if you loved me, as I love, if you were tortured as I am..."
  "Oh, if you please- how did you know it would be wasting your
  "Oh, if you want to learn the spirit of the people by arithmetical
  "Oh, if you want to so much, I'll find out about her first and
  "Oh, if you wish, we'll stay here tomorrow," Levin answered, with
  "Oh, it's awful, it's awful! What did you come for?" said Levin.
  "Oh, moralist! But you must understand, there are two women; one
  "Oh, no! But you know that sort of thing isn't forgiven."
  "Oh, no! By the way, do you know I saw Seriozha?" said Anna,
  "Oh, no! Oh, forgive me, forgive me if I have wounded you," said
  "Oh, no!" he said, and his face beamed with pleasure. "If you
  "Oh, no, he is so fond of you, and I am always so glad when my
  "Oh, no, it was jolly all the same. Did you see us?" said Vassenka
  "Oh, no," said she, "I should have known you because your mother and
  "Oh, nurse dear, I didn't know you were in the house," said Anna,
  "Oh, papa!... How can you say that? And last Sunday in church?..."
  "Oh, that's all very well. You wait a bit, and you'll come to this
  "Oh, then you aren't a believer?"
  "Oh, then you can afford to lose over me," said Vronsky, laughing.
  "Oh, they're merrymaking. Really, you should join them. You would be
  "Oh, this is awful, awful! But can it be true that you are
  "Oh, we all know you can do without sleep, and keep other people
  "Oh, well, one does it! What would you have? It's habit, and one
  "Oh, well, that's unfair.... I can quote to you thousands of
  "Oh, well, then, I'll have a look at your cows, and if you'll
  "Oh, well, when once you get an idea into your head!..."
  "Oh, well, you haven't many sins on your conscience."
  "Oh, what a lucky fellow you are!" broke in Stepan Arkadyevich,
  "Oh, what nonsense! How can you believe..."
  "Oh, when are you going?"
  "Oh, where shall we meet? You know I want very much to talk to you,"
  "Oh, yes, Parmesan. Or would you like another?"
  "Oh, yes, you fancy! And how if she really is in love, and he's no
  "Oh, yes," he said. "Yes, yes, yes- you're right; you're right!"
  "Oh, yes; I did not want to disturb you," said Lidia Ivanovna,
  "Oh, you darling!" flashed through Vronsky's head.
  "Oh, you haven't gone in then?" he heard Kitty's voice suddenly,
  "Oh, you know what for; for your sake and your children's in the
  "Oh, you know!"
  "Oh, you may as well sit there," he said to Levin.
  "Oh, you needn't be in any hurry. You don't understand, you know.
  "Oh, you wouldn't believe it! I've got so out of the way of all this
  "Oh, you'll see! You care about farming, hunting- well, you'll
  "Oh, you're laughing at it!"
  "Oh, you're wrong! And you must give up thinking so directly!"
  "On paper. But, there, you've a gift for it," added Levin.
  "On that score you can set your mind quite at rest," she said, and
  "On the contrary, you can't imagine how, when I look at you, I'm
  "Once more I offer you my arm if you want to be going," said
  "One goes for a walk, one looks in a shop, and they ask you to
  "One must let you drink your coffee in peace, at least," said
  "One thing might be said, if you will allow me to make the
  "One word more: in any case I advise you to settle the question
  "Only if he doesn't come, I shall say good-by to you, children,"
  "Only you mustn't be formal with her. It frightens her. No one
  "Pardon, gentlemen!" he said, running out on the steps. "Have you
  "Pardon, let me say all I have to say. I love you. But I am not
  "Patti? You give me an idea. I would go if it were possible to get a
  "People cannot go on living together- here you have a fact. And if
  "Perhaps it was for the best. You will have to forgive me so much. I
  "Perhaps that is true for you, but not for everyone. I used to think
  "Perhaps you wouldn't confess to it if you hadn't been
  "Perhaps. But you remember what I've said to you. And another thing-
  "Piotr Illyich Vinovsky invites you to drink with him," a little old
  "Please don't argue," said Levin, "but do as you're told."
  "Possibly for you there is not; but for others there is," said
  "Possibly you didn't wish to see me," said Sergei Ivanovich, "but
  "Put on your frock coat, so that you can go straight to call on
  "Quite so, wherever you please," said Riabinin with supercilious
  "Rain? Why, there was scarcely a drop. I'll come directly. So you
  "Read this; Dolly writes about you," Kitty was beginning, with a
  "Really won't you have tea? Do come and join us."
  "Really, I don't know. But this is what I want you to tell me..."
  "Really, I'm quite well, maman. But if you want to go abroad,
  "Really, there's no room. Laska, back, Laska! You won't want another
  "Really?" said Vronsky. "She will be very glad to see you. I
  "Remember me to him- be sure you do."
  "Remember that I have forbidden you to utter that word, that
  "Remember, Anna, what you've done for me- I shall never forget.
  "Sergei Ivanovich? I'll tell you why!" Nikolai Levin shrieked
  "Settled that you'll take me whatever I may be- you won't give me
  "Shall I fetch you another cup?" she asked and, taking his cup, went
  "Shall I tell you?"
  "Shall you be long in Moscow? You're busy with the Zemstvo,
  "Shall you?" asked Levin.
  "She is in my album," she said; "and, by the way, I'll show you my
  "She meant to come to the apiary. She thought you would be there. We
  "She's young, you see, she's pretty," she went on. "Do you know,
  "Sit down! I have to speak to you," he said, putting the portfolio
  "So far- and it may be so always- you are happy and at peace. I
  "So we can reckon upon you, Count, for the coming elections?" said
  "So you are expecting Stepan Arkadyevich today?" said Sergei
  "So you consider it must be ended?" Alexei Alexandrovich interrupted
  "So you found nothing? In the middle of the wood there are always
  "So you go back on your promise?"
  "So you keep to the left, and you'll come right on it," said the
  "So you see," pursued Nikolai Levin, painfully wrinkling his
  "So you sent word to the Princess that we weren't going!" he
  "So you think that it will go well? Lord have mercy on us and help
  "So you won't recognize your friends! How are you, mon cher?" said
  "So you'd better not go... You understand; you won't be
  "So you'll come immediately?" said Levin, looking wrathfully at
  "So you'll come?"
  "So you're not afraid of getting fat? said the latter, turning a
  "So you're not tired? Lean more on me," said he.
  "So you're our marshal again," he said.
  "So you've been at the club?" she said to her brother.
  "So, here you are," said Stepan Arkadyevich, giving him his hand.
  "Soon, soon. You say that our position is miserable, that we must
  "Soon, soon. You wouldn't believe how disagreeable our way of living
  "Splendid! You can't imagine what an effective remedy it is for
  "Still, how you do treat him!" said Oblonsky. "You didn't even shake
  "Still, it's a pity they should get those two bears without you.
  "Stiva!" said Levin unexpectedly; "how is it you don't tell me
  "Straight ahead, and you'll come to the marsh. Our lads drove the
  "Surely you don't mean a divorce is impossible? I was told your
  "Surely, you must feel dull in the country in the winter," she said.
  "Take me with you. I am very fond of picking mushrooms," he said,
  "Tell me frankly, you were vexed at getting my letter, and you
  "Tell you everything?" asked Varenka.
  "Thank God it's over! You wouldn't believe how insufferable it's
  "Thank God you've come! She keeps on talking about you, and
  "Thank God!" she said. "You're not in pain?"
  "Thank you so much. The time has passed so quickly. Good-by,
  "Thank you, Princess, for your sympathy and advice. But the question
  "Thank you, kindly. We are very well content, sir, with your
  "Thank you," answered Alexei Alexandrovich. "What an exquisite day
  "Thank you- a very good one," she answered.
  "That doesn't interest you?"
  "That is, you make Him the man-god, and not the God-man. But I
  "That is, you mean that sin keeps him back?" said Lidia Ivanovna.
  "That it depended on you," he repeated. "I meant to say... I meant
  "That merely proves you have no heart," she said. But her eyes
  "That you can't tell without making the trial."
  "That you may do tomorrow, tomorrow- and say no more! Nothing,
  "That you might learn your lessons better?"
  "That's in the same style as, 'that's a thing I can't endure!' You
  "That's just where you are mistaken; I did not know it, though I had
  "That's to say, you think there's a lack of something in me?"
  "That's what I envy you, that you are able to mix in these
  "The Turks are really getting beaten, though. Did you read
  "The chief thing he desires... he desires that you should not
  "The despair you were unable to conceal at the accident to one of
  "The manner of life you have chosen is reflected, I suppose, in your
  "The most awful part of it all is that you're just as you always
  "The only question is on what terms you agree to give her a divorce.
  "The point is, don't you see, that progress of every sort is only
  "Then I must trouble you to give him my card," Alexei
  "Then there is all the more reason for you to legalize your
  "Then we had better leave you?"
  "Then what did you stay for?" she asked, suddenly lifting her eyes
  "Then why did you marry? You could have been free. Why did you, if
  "Then why didn't you say so?"
  "Then why do you come?" asked Levin.
  "Then why do you do it, if it's a clear loss?"
  "Then you must put on mine."
  "Then you think I tell a lie?"
  "Then you'll see my wife. I've written to her, but you'll see her
  "Then you've as good as given away your forest for nothing," said
  "Then you've taken a good constitutional?"
  "There you have it- from the epistle of St. James," said Alexei
  "There'll be a ball, and you'll see the belle of the province. Worth
  "There's no hurry," said Anna. "Would you like tea?"
  "There's no keeping you young people in check nowadays.... Your
  "There's no meaning in it to you, because you care nothing for me.
  "There's no one I should less dislike seeing than you," said
  "There's no one better than you!..." he cried in despair through his
  "There's no one to send. What would you do with such people? Three
  "There's one other thing I ought to tell you. Do you know
  "There, do you see?"
  "There, how do you manage never to be bored by things? One has but
  "There, mamma," said Kitty, "yet you wonder why I'm enthusiastic
  "There, that's enough, that's enough! You feel badly too, I know.
  "There, there, your work, you say! As if you hadn't done enough
  "There, you always ascribe base, vile motives to me," she said
  "There, you can never say such charming things," said the
  "There, you see how fidgety she is," said the Englishman.
  "There, you see, you're talking nonsense, and he is at home!"
  "They invite you to have some vodka. Most likely they've been
  "This cheese is not bad. Shall I give you some?" said the master
  "This cruelty is something new- I did not know in you."
  "This gentleman is a Russian, and was inquiring after you," said the
  "This is my position: you can trample me in the mud, make me the
  "This is what I meant to say to you," he went on coldly and
  "This way, to the left, if you please. Excuse its not being tidy.
  "Though indeed I fail to comprehend how, with the independence you
  "To all, and most of all to you."
  "To be sure! We met at Rossi's; do you remember, at that soiree when
  "To be sure," said Stepan Arkadyevich. "And you, Kitty?"
  "To get whatever I have left sold by auction? No, thank you."
  "To me you're better than anyone else in the whole world."
  "To me? Hadn't the courage? If you knew how I... I look at..."
  "Vassilii Lukich, do you know what I prayed for tonight- extra
  "Very bad. He can't get up. He has been expecting you all this
  "Very glad to meet you again," said Alexei Alexandrovich coldly,
  "Very glad to meet you," he said. "I looked out for you at the
  "Very glad to see you! To be sure! I remember you very well. Last
  "Very good, you can go home now," she said softly, addressing
  "Very well off- for the time. But you're not satisfied with that.
  "Very well, I will come directly and see about it. But did you
  "Very well, later, but you must certainly tell me. I'm not afraid of
  "Very well, let us suppose I do that," she said. "Do you know what
  "Very well- next Saturday," answered Countess Nordstone. "But you,
  "Very well. But have you really been mowing the whole day? I
  "Vodka, do you think? Eh?" queried Petritsky, blinking and rubbing
  "Wait a minute, there's something I want to say to you," and
  "Wait a minute, you don't know... Stay a little, stay!..." She
  "Wait, wait," he began, interrupting Oblonsky. "You talk of his
  "We can't go on like this! It's misery! I am wretched; you are
  "We can't talk to Kitty about it! Do you want me to frighten her?
  "We drove here capitally, and have not put you out," answered Sergei
  "We expected to find you in the fields, Vassilii Semionich," she
  "We expected you yesterday, Princess," he said to Kitty.
  "We have long been expecting you," said Stepan Arkadyevich, going
  "We shall be pleased to see you," the Princess said stiffly.
  "We thought she was with you," she said.
  "We'll get some more. I know, of course," Levin added laughing, "you
  "We'll go to Italy; you will get strong," he said.
  "We'll talk about it later on; I'll look you up in Peterburg."
  "Well master, when summer's here, mind you don't scold me for this
  "Well, Countess, you have met your son, and I my brother," she
  "Well, Darya Alexandrovna, you must excuse me," he said, getting up.
  "Well, God be with you," she said at the door of the study, where
  "Well, God help you!" said Betsy.
  "Well, I am glad I managed to get away to you! Now I shall
  "Well, I am glad you are beginning to love him," said Kitty to her
  "Well, I did try, you know," Levin said gently and unwillingly. "I
  "Well, I must- I promised to. Good-by then. If you do, come to the
  "Well, I rely on you, then," he said to the Englishman, "half-past
  "Well, I'll come with you. May I?"
  "Well, I'll own I envy you there. When I come back from abroad and
  "Well, I'm glad. And are you well?" he said, wiping his damp beard
  "Well, I'm very glad," said Sviiazhsky. "I advise you to get the
  "Well, I'm very, very glad to see you," said Levin, with a genuine
  "Well, and has your daughter been to see you lately?"
  "Well, and how are you getting on?" he said, wanting to talk to him,
  "Well, and then where did you go?"
  "Well, and what are you doing?" said Sergei Ivanovich, falling
  "Well, and what did you do yesterday? Win anything?" asked Vronsky.
  "Well, and what have you been doing?" she asked him, looking
  "Well, and what have you to say to me?" said Levin in a quivering
  "Well, anyway, I'll run down to her. Before you've time to get
  "Well, are you contented with it?" Sergei Ivanovich asked him.
  "Well, as you like, it doesn't matter," she said crossly.
  "Well, au revoir, then! You'll come back for some tea- that'll be
  "Well, but I can tell you: your receiving some five thousand,
  "Well, but suppose you were married," said Anna, "how would it be
  "Well, but what did you buy this mass of things for? said the
  "Well, but whom are you attacking? I agree with you," said Stepan
  "Well, but would you like to change this minute with Sergei
  "Well, but you don't need it, I should fancy."
  "Well, but you yourself, Iegor, when you got married, did you love
  "Well, come here, you perfect children," Lvov said to the two
  "Well, did you find some?" she asked from under the white
  "Well, did you grieve very much for her?" asked Darya Alexandrovna.
  "Well, did you like their horses?" asked Dolly.
  "Well, did you reconcile them?"
  "Well, didn't I tell you?" said Stepan Arkadyevich, seeing that
  "Well, do you find it exciting too?" said Stepan Arkadyevich,
  "Well, enough of it! You're out of temper."
  "Well, for one thing then, because this woman's there whom you can't
  "Well, good-by now- or else you'll never get washed, and I shall
  "Well, have you been attacking the new order of things?" said
  "Well, have you brought the money?" asked Oblonsky. "Sit down."
  "Well, have you found your brother?" said Countess Vronskaia,
  "Well, have you seen him?" said Alexei Alexandrovich with a
  "Well, he turned up here soon after you'd gone, and, as I can see,
  "Well, here's visitors come to us, and you won't be dull," said
  "Well, how are you getting on? Has your debt been paid you?" she
  "Well, how are you?" he asked her, looking at her with the
  "Well, how do you like our Temple of Indolence?" said the Prince,
  "Well, in that, at least, you're in agreement with Spencer, whom you
  "Well, it's a long while since you've been to see us, Konstantin
  "Well, maman, are you perfectly well?" he repeated, turning to his
  "Well, mind you crumble up the clods," said Levin, going toward
  "Well, my friend, were you the bearer of the olive branch?" asked
  "Well, now you know it."
  "Well, now! Our way's to wait till St. Peter's Day. But you always
  "Well, of course! Here you've come round to my point. Do you
  "Well, read this. I'll tell you what I should like- should like so
  "Well, shall we set off?" he asked. "I've been thinking about you
  "Well, so you're satisfied with your day. And so am I. First, I
  "Well, so you've not gone away yet? I meant to have come to you,"
  "Well, that's right," said Dolly; "you go and arrange about it,
  "Well, that's very fair," said his father, "you may go."
  "Well, then, do it as you're told," Levin shouted, seating himself
  "Well, there's nothing for you to learn," said Lvov.
  "Well, this I didn't expect of you! On peut etre jaloux, mais a ce
  "Well, well, what was it you were going to say about the Prince? I
  "Well, what do you mean to say, then?"
  "Well, what do you say to pyramids? Levin, will you play?
  "Well, what do you say, Fomich- start mowing or wait a bit?"
  "Well, what do you say, are we going shooting tomorrow?" said Stepan
  "Well, what do you say? Shall we give a supper on Sunday for the
  "Well, what do you think?" he asked. "What system is one to adopt
  "Well, what have you to say to me?" he said to her in French.
  "Well, what would you say about papa?" asked Kitty. "Is he a poor
  "Well, whatever you do, if he's a lazy good-for-naught,
  "Well, you are slow!" the countinghouse clerk shouted angrily to the
  "Well, you did make it hot for us yesterday," said one of those
  "Well, you have an appetite!" he said, looking at his dark-red,
  "Well, you may go," answered the Princess, gazing at her
  "Well, you must excuse me there. You know to me all women are
  "Well, you must excuse me, but there's something mean in this
  "Well, you must go and get them without me."
  "Well, you praise it, at any rate," said Agathya Mikhailovna, "but
  "Well, you should have taken some men from the chaffcutter."
  "Well, you'll do me a great service, anyway," said Stepan
  "Well, you'll remember my words, but too late, just as with
  "Well, you're saying it yourself! What's wanted to prevent her
  "Well, you've not been dull?" he said, eagerly and good-humoredly,
  "Well? You have been popping away!" he said, smiling good-humoredly.
  "Were you at the opera yesterday?"
  "Were you never before in Moscow?" Konstantin said to her, for the
  "Were you really in love?" she said to Iashvin.
  "Were you very much frightened?" she said. "So was I, too, but I
  "What I can want? All I can want is that you should not desert me,
  "What a good deed you did yesterday to our poor compatriot!" said
  "What a pity you can't visit me!"
  "What a pity you were not in time for the first act!"
  "What a reactionist you are, really! What about the amalgamation
  "What am I to write to him?" said Levin. "I hope you are not angry
  "What are you crying for, mother?" he said, waking up completely.
  "What are you looking at there?" he said to Levin, who was
  "What are you thinking of, Katerina Alexandrovna, you mustn't move
  "What are you thinking? What are you thinking about me? Don't
  "What did I tell you?" said Anna's friend.
  "What did Kostia say to you?"
  "What did his mother tell you?"
  "What did you consider unbecoming?" she repeated.
  "What did you do? Who was there?" she said, after a pause.
  "What did you go away for?"
  "What did you say?" Levin cried with horror. "How do you know?"
  "What did you say?" queried Marya Nikolaevna.
  "What do you mean by that?" she cried, looking with terror at the
  "What do you mean! Are you crazy?" Dolly cried in horror. "Nonsense,
  "What do you mean? Can there be two opinions of the advantage of
  "What do you say to my kvass, eh? Good, eh?" he would say, winking.
  "What do you say to today's telegram? The Turks have been
  "What do you say, shall we go and look for mushrooms today?" said
  "What do you say- why not go after all?" said Stepan Arkadyevich,
  "What do you say? What!..." she said to the rosy, good-humored
  "What do you think about the weather?"
  "What do you try my patience for?" looking as though he might have
  "What do you want now?" he said, and went out to him in the passage.
  "What do you want to talk of it for?" Kitty said with annoyance.
  "What do you want?" he said to her shortly. "We are busy."
  "What do you want?" she asked in French.
  "What do you want?" she cried.
  "What do you want?" she said in a rapid, deep, unnatural voice.
  "What do you wish of me?" he said, simply and gravely.
  "What don't you understand?" said Oblonsky, smiling just as
  "What doubt can you have of the Creator when you behold His
  "What experiment? Table turning? Well, you must excuse me, ladies
  "What have you decided- are you going? Well, and what do you want to
  "What have you done? I'll tell you what. First of all, you're trying
  "What is it exactly that you want from me?" he said, moving in his
  "What is it they write you?" he repeated.
  "What is it you wish?"
  "What is it? I expect you hurt yourself when you fell down?" said
  "What makes you suppose I know?"
  "What makes you suppose that I dislike your going? But, even if
  "What makes you think so?" he asked, stopping short.
  "What makes you think so?" said Stepan Arkadyevich, smiling at his
  "What makes you think," said Levin, trying to get back to the
  "What nonsense!" said Stepan Arkadyevich. "You've come, that's the
  "What should it be, save what's grieving you?"
  "What should they take anything for? They were entertaining you,
  "What were you gossiping so maliciously about?" asked Betsy.
  "What were you saying of Karenin?" said the Prince.
  "What were you talking about?" he said, knitting his brows, and
  "What will you take, tea or coffee?"
  "What would you do? This silly old fashion is still far from
  "What would you have? That's the way of the world," said Stepan
  "What you like, only not too much. Champagne," said Levin.
  "What you say is wrong, and I beg of you, if you are a good man,
  "What you spoke of just now was a mistake, and not love."
  "What! But surely, you're a member of the board?"
  "What! But you just said now..."
  "What! Do you mean to say it's not of importance?" said Sergei
  "What! You killed him?" cried Stepan Arkadyevich. "Well done! A
  "What! You want to take Kitty in the wide droshky?" her mother
  "What! to start with? You're right though, I dare say. Do you like
  "What! you don't know Jules Landau, le fameux Jules Landau, le
  "What's done can't be undone, and you know I never go back on what
  "What's that you don't want to think about?" inquired Levin,
  "What's the matter with you?" Shcherbatsky asked him.
  "What's the matter? Are you unwell," he said to her in French, going
  "What's the matter? Why are you so red?" her mother and father
  "What's to be done! It's part of our work, you see. In a gentleman's
  "What's to be done, according to you?" she asked with the same
  "What- what is it you want to make me feel, eh?" said Kitty quickly.
  "What- you don't know?" And Seriozha, leaning on his elbows, sank
  "What? I'll tell you what!" shouted the Prince, brandishing his
  "What? You haven't heard?"
  "When are you going?" she said.
  "When he wakes up, please God, you shall see for yourself. Then when
  "When shall I see you again?" asked Varenka.
  "When?" said Levin blushing. "Tomorrow. If you ask me, I should say,
  "Where are you going to put the Princess?" said Vronsky in French,
  "Where are you going?"
  "Where are you off to? Stay a little longer," he said to Varenka.
  "Where are you off to?"
  "Where are you off to?" asked Iashvin. "Oh, here is your troika," he
  "Where did you stop?"
  "Where have you dined?" asked Stepan Arkadyevich.
  "Where is the humiliation? Why, you did nothing wrong?"
  "Where shall I take you?"
  "Wherever you command."
  "Which means, you've borrowed an idea, stripped it of all that
  "Whom do you want?" he asked.
  "Whom do you want?" said the voice of Nikolai Levin, angrily.
  "Whose marshal you are."
  "Why are you up so early, my dear?" the old woman, their hostess,
  "Why aren't you going to faire la cour a Madame Karenina?" she
  "Why be in such a hurry? Let's stay a little. But how wet you are!
  "Why bring Levin in too? I can't understand- what you want to
  "Why can't you? What do you mean?" he asked in perplexity,
  "Why did you nurse her so long?"
  "Why did you send word to the Princess that we weren't going?" the
  "Why didn't you come to dinner?" she said to him. "I marvel at
  "Why didn't you let me nurse her, when I begged to? Anyway"
  "Why didn't you show it to me? What secret can there be between
  "Why do you ask me? You know what I shall say."
  "Why do you ask with such alarm?" she said, wounded again at his not
  "Why do you mix things up? I've never been a communist."
  "Why do you say that to me?" she said looking at him sternly.
  "Why do you tell me such nasty things? And then?"
  "Why do you tell me that?" she said. "Do you suppose I can doubt it?
  "Why do you think so?" Levin asked her, when she had followed him
  "Why do you think so?" said Levin, so as to say something.
  "Why do you torment me?"
  "Why don't you get married?"
  "Why don't you like her husband? He's such a remarkable man," said
  "Why don't you stop her?" shouted Stepan Arkadyevich.
  "Why is it you can do nothing? You made an attempt and didn't
  "Why is it you have earth that's not sifted?" said Levin.
  "Why should I give you what's mine for nothing? I didn't pick it
  "Why should you be like anyone? You're lovely as you are," said
  "Why shouldn't you manage it?"
  "Why so? I don't understand. The whole point is whether you love him
  "Why so? Isn't it the life all of you- all young men- always
  "Why weren't you at the races yesterday? I expected to see you
  "Why, Alexei Alexandrovich, what are you cutting us like this
  "Why, I don't think you take much rest as it is. It cheers us up
  "Why, I suppose you used to pay calls before you were married,
  "Why, I think you would be a first-rate medium," said Countess
  "Why, Kostia, you, it seems, get the taste for these affairs too!"
  "Why, are you gaining weight? All right, then we must have it alone.
  "Why, as you said, to guard the fire. Besides, that's not work for a
  "Why, but I told you during Lent to put in pipes," he cried.
  "Why, did you know her, papa?" Kitty asked apprehensively,
  "Why, do you mean to say you're selling the forest to Riabinin?"
  "Why, have you been at the Schutzburgs?" asked the hostess from
  "Why, have you met?" inquired their host.
  "Why, how can you be dissatisfied with yourself if you are happy?"
  "Why, is it over for you already?"
  "Why, it's actually you, Levin, at last!" he said with a friendly
  "Why, perhaps Kitty refused him?... Did she say nothing to you?"
  "Why, sir, it was you taught us, the year before last. You gave me
  "Why, what do you want there?" said Kitty.
  "Why, what's shameful about it?" she said. "You didn't tell a man
  "Why, whatever hope can you expect?" said Betsy, offended on
  "Why, whatever loathsome thoughts can you have?" asked Dolly,
  "Why, who prevents you?" said Levin, smiling.
  "Why, you know, that's my one desire. But to do that..."
  "Why, you ought to know Vronsky because he's one of your rivals."
  "Why, you saved that Levin from disagreeable consequences."
  "Why, you will look at everything in the worst light. It's not
  "Why, you'll see in the summertime. It'll look different. Look you
  "Why, you've got the forest for nothing as it is," he said. "He came
  "Why, you've..." The Prince was yelling wrathfully.
  "Why? For the same reason as you."
  "Why?... Because I hadn't the courage.... You forget my
  "Will it be soon? How do you feel?" he whispered, taking her two
  "Will you be at Madame Rolandaky's fete?" asked Anna, to change
  "Will you go?" Stepan Arkadyevich said to his wife.
  "Will you have some curded milk? Masha, pass us some curded milk
  "With Alexei," said Anna, "I know what you talked about. But I
  "With vegetables in it, you know. Then turbot with thick sauce,
  "With you I should soon learn; I somehow feel confidence in you,"
  "Won't you get in, sir, we'll make room on this side!" she said to
  "Won't you have supper? All right, good-by! Come round tomorrow with
  "Won't you sit down, Countess? I'm seeing no one because I'm unwell,
  "Would you kindly wait?" said Kapitonich, taking off her fur cloak.
  "Would you like a samovar?" she asked.
  "Would you like me to show you? But you don't understand such
  "Would you like to go into my study?" Levin said in French to Stepan
  "Yes, I am out of temper, and do you know why? Because- excuse me-
  "Yes, I am very glad to have seen you," she said with a smile. "I
  "Yes, I forgive you; but it's horrible!"
  "Yes, I ought to have said to him: You say that our husbandry does
  "Yes, I saw how much interested you were in poor Grinevich's nails,"
  "Yes, I should. What a good thing you let us know! Not a day has
  "Yes, I understand it all now," said Darya Alexandrovna. "You
  "Yes, I wished... I wanted... Yes, I wanted to talk to you," said
  "Yes, I've heard you live at Mentone with your aunt- I think- Madame
  "Yes, I've wanted to tell you," she said, without looking at him.
  "Yes, Stiva told me you danced the mazurka with him, and that he..."
  "Yes, all my hopes are in you," said Stepan Arkadyevich.
  "Yes, as you see, your tender spouse, as devoted as he was during
  "Yes, but could you forgive it?"
  "Yes, but here, so long as neither Anna... nor you want society..."
  "Yes, but joking apart," resumed Oblonsky, "you must understand that
  "Yes, but say what you like, you have to choose between me and him,"
  "Yes, but she must have full details. Go to see her, if you're not
  "Yes, but that's not the only thing. Such men as you are wanted."
  "Yes, but you don't reckon your own work. Aren't you worth something
  "Yes, but you keep a little further from the stove," said her
  "Yes, but you must care to say good-by to a man who has shot himself
  "Yes, but you mustn't forget what you are and what I am.... And
  "Yes, especially as I can't stay very long with you. I'm forced to
  "Yes, go along, go along, and I'll come to you directly," said
  "Yes, how can you go alone at night like this?" chimed in the
  "Yes, it's interesting for you. But its interest for me is quite
  "Yes, later. But I had to see you," said Levin, looking with
  "Yes, my boy, there is! There, do you see, you know the type of
  "Yes, my solitude is over. You wouldn't believe how uncomfortable
  "Yes, of course. But, do you know? I won't stand up for my view,"
  "Yes, papa," answered Kitty. "And you must know they've three
  "Yes, pity on her. If you had seen her as I have!- I have been
  "Yes, please, do come," said Dolly; "we will expect you at five-
  "Yes, precisely; but I ought to warn you that I may be wasting
  "Yes, sir," Vassilii responded, smiling. "You've not been to see
  "Yes, that's just what we are talking about. And let me tell you
  "Yes, there's such a chaos in your heart just now that you can't
  "Yes, they meant to come and see you. Well, how did you like Levin?"
  "Yes, with a cuttlefish! You know," Levin turned to his brother,
  "Yes, yes!" he said. "It's very possible you're right. But I'm
  "Yes, yes," said Levin gloomily; "but you noticed it?"
  "Yes, you are. Why was it you did not come to see us or them when
  "Yes, you artillerymen are especially scarce there," said
  "Yes, you do blame me! My God! Why didn't I die!" And she broke into
  "Yes, you do doubt it. You are vexed, I see."
  "Yes, you feel it, but you don't give him your property," said
  "Yes, you have conquered me, and I am yours," she said at last,
  "Yes, you only think of yourself! But the sufferings of a man who
  "Yes, you see this woman, Marya Nikolaevna, did not know how to
  "Yes, you see we're growing up," she said to him, glancing toward
  "Yes, you want pluck for it, and cleverness too, especially when
  "Yes, you would kill them."
  "Yes, you're done for," resumed Oblonsky. "But what's to be done?"
  "Yes," Anna went on. "Do you know why Kitty didn't come to dinner?
  "Yes," he said, going up to her resolutely. "Neither you nor I
  "Yes," said Levin, slowly and with emotion, "you're right. I am a
  "Yes," she said in a shaking voice; "but, Kostia, surely you see I'm
  "Yes- if you don't love me."
  "Yes. Do you know him?"
  "Yes. You know we're hoping he will marry Kitty."
  "Yes; and I heard news of you, but not only through your wife," said
  "Yes; but I can't help it. You don't know what I have suffered
  "Yes; but in that case, if you will allow me to say what I
  "Yes; but you might find it easier to get into relations, which
  "Yes; but you must agree that the new institution being started is
  "Yes; he writes that you are here, and that he thinks you might
  "Yes; wasn't it his article you were praising so? Well, and after
  "Yes; you've race horses too, haven't you?"
  "Yes?" said Anna softly. "Come now, let us talk of you," she
  "You also come to see them off?" she asked in French.
  "You always get younger, Bondarenko," he said to the rosy-cheeked,
  "You are a savage, as it is. All you Levins are savages."
  "You are about to enter into holy matrimony, and God may bless you
  "You are acquainted?" Stepan Arkadyevich asked in surprise.
  "You are entering upon a time of life," pursued the priest, "when
  "You are for the classics, Sergei Ivanovich. Will you take red
  "You are ill and overwrought," he said; "believe me, you're
  "You are loathsome to me, repulsive!" she shrieked, getting more and
  "You are looking at me," she said, "and wondering how I can be happy
  "You are not going to the public meeting? They say it will be very
  "You are radiant with health and happiness!" said Dolly, almost with
  "You are scarcely changed at all," the Prince said to her. "It's ten
  "You are still in weak health?"
  "You are troubled, I understand that. But if you think it over..."
  "You are unjust," said Varenka.
  "You are very, very absurd," repeated Darya Alexandrovna, looking
  "You asked when? Soon. And I shan't live through it. Don't interrupt
  "You bored?" said Betsy. "Sappho says they enjoyed themselves
  "You call it cruelty for a husband to give his wife liberty,
  "You came here and did a good deed," said Dolly, looking intently at
  "You came in late, I think, and have missed the best song," Anna
  "You can give us Nuits. Oh, no- better the classic Chablis."
  "You can go, Duniasha, I'll call you presently," said Kitty.
  "You can never help being late!" said Stepan Arkadyevich, taking his
  "You can't be married without it."
  "You can't follow it without that," said Pestsov, addressing
  "You can't forgive me," he whispered.
  "You can't get across the stream, Konstantin Dmitrich," the coachman
  "You can't imagine how absurdly it all came about. I only meant to
  "You can't understand. I feel I'm lying head downward in a sort of
  "You cannot describe my position as worse than I feel it to be
  "You certainly forget your condition, Kitty," said the old Princess,
  "You choose what we're to drink," he said, handing him the card, and
  "You come too!" the peasant shouted to Levin. "Never fear! Taste our
  "You desire my assistance in securing a divorce?"
  "You did not expect to find me like this," he articulated with
  "You did quite right," he said with a serene smile that showed his
  "You didn't believe it, my sweet?"
  "You didn't come to the countinghouse yesterday, and now you're
  "You didn't mean to ask that? You meant to ask about her surname.
  "You do everything with passion, I think," she said smiling. "I
  "You do just as you think best, Princess," he said again, looking
  "You do not admit the possibility at all?" he queried. "But why not?
  "You do your part. God is merciful; pray to God, sir- pray to God."
  "You don't admit, I know, that one can be fond of new rolls when one
  "You don't care much for oysters, do you?" said Stepan
  "You don't deserve it," answered Betsy, smiling.
  "You don't know! Then how can you doubt that God created all?" the
  "You don't look quite well," she said.
  "You don't love your mother. That's all talk, and talk, and talk!"
  "You don't mean to say he's here?" said Levin, and he wanted to
  "You don't put the matter in its true light. There is no question
  "You don't say so! Well, Prince Chechensky is a well-known figure.
  "You don't say so!" he cried, when the Princess told him that
  "You don't say? Where?"
  "You don't want to organize anything; it's simply the same as you've
  "You envy him for not being able to fall in love?"
  "You expected it, I suppose?"
  "You gave my assistant two hundred roubles. Would you kindly explain
  "You gave that?" cried Oblonsky behind, and, pressing his sister's
  "You go to them, darling," said Kitty to her sister, "and
  "You go, you go, you'll find the way to the mill!" cried Levin,
  "You got my telegram? Quite well? Thank God."
  "You guess that I have something I want to say to you," he said,
  "You had a good journey?" said her son, sitting down beside her, and
  "You had better lie down; you'd be easier," she said.
  "You have an appointment already. You're over the Ecclesiastical
  "You have an extraordinary talent," the Princess said to her after
  "You have changed in many respects since your marriage, and for
  "You have come to see us, you, the only woman of Anna's former
  "You have had no telegrams since yesterday's? Yes, driven back for a
  "You have killed a bear, I've been told!" said Kitty, trying
  "You have never loved," Vronsky said softly, looking straight before
  "You have no sort of skeleton, have you? Everything is so clear in
  "You have so much influence with Anna, she is so fond of you," he
  "You heard, perhaps, about Priachnikov?" said Turovtsin, warmed up
  "You imagine, I dare say, that you invented something quite new?
  "You know Count Vronsky, the notorious one... is going by this
  "You know I should be the last person to hear of it."
  "You know her, no doubt?"
  "You know my name?" Alexei Alexandrovich resumed.
  "You know papa's received the order of Alexandre Nevsky today?"
  "You know that I proposed and was refused," said Levin, and all
  "You know that capital oppresses the worker. Our workers, the
  "You know that it's out of the question to go."
  "You know why," he answered, boldly and joyously, meeting her glance
  "You know, Alexei," she said after hearing him, "how fond I am of
  "You know, Kitty's coming here, and is going to spend the summer
  "You know, it came to me almost like an inspiration," she said. "Why
  "You know," she said, and at the same instant, unable to restrain
  "You lay too great a stress on your fondness for me to value it very
  "You like turbot, don't you?" he said to Levin as they were
  "You look after him," the colonel shouted to Iashvin, pointing to
  "You may be well, but everything in moderation," said the Princess.
  "You may say what you will," said the colonel to Vronsky, whom he
  "You may trample me in the mud," he heard Alexei Alexandrovich's
  "You mean, how shall I say... Stand there- stand in the corner!" she
  "You mean... What has Cordelia to do with it?" Levin asked
  "You meant to go and see Darya Alexandrovna," said the maid, as
  "You mentioned rights," said Sergei Ivanovich, waiting till
  "You met him once at my place, don't you remember? A good-natured
  "You met him?" she asked, when they had sat down at the table in the
  "You must ask the doctor to examine the wet nurse," said Alexei
  "You must decide when you will move."
  "You must pardon me, doctor- but really, this will lead us
  "You must understand that I'm not jealous, that's a nasty word. I
  "You must understand the horror and comedy of my position," he
  "You must understand," said he, "it's not love. I've been in love,
  "You needn't try to console me, mistress. I need only to look at you
  "You ought to like her. She raves about you. Yesterday she came up
  "You ought to make the attempt," she said softly.
  "You put in too much at a time, Fiodor. Do you see- it gets
  "You really must tell me about it," she said, getting up. "Come to
  "You remember the children, Stiva, to play with them; but I
  "You ride in gaiters?"
  "You said, leave things just as they were. I understand what that
  "You said, my dear, that it would depend on Alexei Alexandrovich,"
  "You say degrading... Don't say that. These words have no meaning
  "You say it's all such nonsense- yet as soon as you have anything to
  "You say perhaps," Serpukhovskoy went on, as though guessing his
  "You say," Levin went on, "that it's unjust for me to receive five
  "You say," she said, pursuing the subject that had been started,
  "You see the sort of man he is," she said, with a shaking voice;
  "You see!"
  "You see, I've come to you," said Nikolai in a thick voice, never
  "You see, your lady's settled me here, told me to sit a bit with
  "You see," said Stepan Arkadyevich, "you're very much all of a
  "You should have listened to me," Levin answered with annoyance.
  "You shouldn't have. My writing is something after the fashion of
  "You startled me," she said. "I'm alone, and expecting Seriozha;
  "You take Seriozha to hurt me," she said, looking at him from
  "You talk as if you were threatening me. But I desire nothing so
  "You talk of the education of character. You can't imagine how
  "You teach in it yourself?" asked Levin, trying to look above the
  "You tell this with such feeling that it seems to me you yourself
  "You think he can't fall in love," said Kitty, translating into
  "You think so- yet we're overwhelmed with work."
  "You understand me, and still understand. Good-by, my darling!"
  "You understand that, I hope?" said his father.
  "You wait a bit- wait a bit," said Stepan Arkadyevich, smiling and
  "You want it for the children's sake, but you don't think of me?"
  "You want to try it out," Matvei guessed, but only said: "Yes, sir."
  "You were driving to Ergushovo," said Levin, feeling as if he
  "You were talking of Lankovsky's Powerful. That's a fine horse,
  "You will become another man, I predict," said Sergei Ivanovich,
  "You will come?" Dolly called after him.
  "You will find support; seek it- not in me, though I beseech you
  "You will go to see her?"
  "You won't dine at home?" said Matvei, seeing him off.
  "You won't help matters like that," said Stepan Arkadyevich with a
  "You would be glad," the lawyer, without lifting his eyes,
  "You would not have recognized me?" he said, with a smile which
  "You wouldn't believe how distasteful these rooms have become to
  "You wouldn't believe how glad we are to see you," he said, giving
  "You wouldn't believe," he would say to his brother, "what a
  "You wouldn't find him there. I live quite independently of him."
  "You'd better get your hair cut, it'll weigh you down- especially at
  "You'd much better be thinking about your work. Birthdays are of
  "You'll be at Arsenii's, anyway; talk to him- he will tell you
  "You'll catch up with all that. They're such clever children. The
  "You'll spoil it!"
  "You're a downright reactionist, I see."
  "You're a pretty fellow!" said Stepan Arkadyevich laughing, "and you
  "You're always just as if you'd come out of a bath after it," said
  "You're always like that," she answered as though completely
  "You're coming to me," said Countess Lidia Ivanovna, after a
  "You're encroaching on Princess Miaghkaia's special domain now.
  "You're friendly, I fancy, with Mordvinsky; you might do me a favor:
  "You're going, no doubt, to hear Patti?" said Tushkevich.
  "You're home, wherever you are, Baroness," said Vronsky. "How do you
  "You're in love with that hateful woman; she has bewitched you! I
  "You're incorrigible," said Stremov, without looking at her, and
  "You're like a hen with your brood, Darya Alexandrovna."
  "You're living, aren't you?"
  "You're married, I've heard?" said the landowner.
  "You're not afraid of getting fat?"
  "You're not angry because I sent for you? I absolutely had to see
  "You're not in bed? What a miracle!" she said throwing off her
  "You're not racing?" the officer asked, chaffing him.
  "You're not speaking sincerely. I know you. You worry about him
  "You're of the Kiev University?" said Konstantin Levin to Kritsky,
  "You're out of your mind!" she cried, turning crimson with vexation.
  "You're playing secretaire?" said the old Prince. "But we must
  "You're positively a reformed character, my dear, I'm glad to
  "You're soon returned, my dear," said Agathya Mikhailovna.
  "You're unfair, very unfair, dearest," said Vronsky, trying to
  "You've been enjoying yourself..." she began, trying to be calm
  "You've been intending to go so long, though."
  "You've been quick about it!" said Oblonsky with a smile. "But
  "You've been relieving your feelings."
  "You've got a shirt on," Kouzma answered, with a placid smile.
  "You've got it at last?" said Stepan Arkadyevich, laying his
  "You've just returned after traveling," said the Baroness, "so
  "You've never had, and never have, convictions; all you want is to
  "You've never told me when the divorce is to be? Supposing I'm ready
  "You've not been long settling things," said the old Prince,
  "You've not seen me, but I've seen you," said Levin, with a
  "You've said nothing, of course, and I ask nothing," he was
  "You've said your word or two, but I can't answer in a few words,
  "You've simply borrowed an idea that's not your own, but you've
  "You, I hear, are about to marry the daughter of my parishioner
  "You, but not I," she repeated.
  "You, but not I," she said, turning round to him.
  "You, you are to blame for everything!" she cried, with tears of
  "You... You will be sorry for this," she said, and went out.
  "Your praise is worth having. The tradition is kept up here that you
  And Sergei Ivanovich put before him the dilemma: Either you are so
  Anna turned to Dolly, "You can stay some time? For one day only?
  I came to tell you..." he said.
  If it had not been for you, God knows what would have happened!
  Levin read in the queer, familiar handwriting: "I humbly beg you
  Levin was so hurt that he said, in a tone of vexation: "You might
  Vronsky stood still and asked directly: "How so? Do you mean he
"But wait a little! You are a Christian. Think of her! What will
"Come, why do you stay on at home? You ought to go to some warm
"Define what it is you consider..."
"Except you, there's none of the gentlemen first-rate skaters. Will
"How are you feeling today?" she asked Petrov.
"How do you look at it?
"How do you suppose he is feeling? Why, now..."
"I feel as if, coming to you, I had landed on a peaceful shore after
"I hope you will bring it over yourself."
"I ought to observe that the matter about which I have to speak to you
"I tell you what," she said, resolutely interrupting Golenishchev, who
"I wonder really that with your kind heart you don't feel this. How it
"I would even like to be angry with you, but I can't."
"I've simply come to see you."
"I've so much still to tell you."
"If you can forgive me, forgive me," said her eyes, "I am so happy."
"If you don't mind, let's walk on. It's so stuffy among the cars. A
"If you would like that?" he added, turning to her.
"Kiss your wife- and you kiss your husband," and took the candles
"Let me say. Do you admit that education is a benefit for the people?"
"Marya Nikolaevna, you come this side- you do it," she added.
"Mother, what are you crying for?" he cried in a tearful voice.
"No, do as you meant to do. Go into the dining room, I'm coming
"Oh, very well then! You shall burn for this!"
"Princess, will you allow it?
"Quit that!" He turned over and opened his eyes. "You'd better tell me
"Shall you be in the mill forest? We'll come out to you."
"Very well. She has got on wonderfully. Would you like to see her?
"Well, I'll spend a month or two with you, and then I'm off to Moscow.
"Well, come along, I'll take you to your room," she went on, trying to
"Well, how is Kitty? I am dining with you today. I tell you what,
"What are you thinking? Tell me all."
"What's become of all that? You're caught, my dear fellow."
"Whom are you attacking? A good deal of what you say is not true about
"Why, what do I keep you for?" he cried. But, bethinking himself
"Won't you sit down?" He indicated an armchair at a writing table
"Would you like supper?"
"Yesterday, at the races, I wanted just to get to you, but you'd
"You haven't told me yet how and what you think about me, and I keep
"You know his passion for balls- and he never misses a single one at
"You know that I am going to be where you are," he said; "I cannot
"You never thought I was to be your sister."
"You want it, I expect?"
"You wouldn't believe how I've grown used to you...."
"You'd better ask them," she brought out, between tears of laughter.
"You're always..." she launched into her reproachful speech.
"You're staying the night, I hope?" was the first word the spirit of
"Your brother left a letter and a note for you. Wait a bit; where
"but I can understand that it has been very hard for you."
"but it's better when one does good so that you may ask everyone and
"but one thing, my love; you promised me you would have no secrets
"how exquisite! Veslovsky, this is the time for a serenade. You
"hurrah!"- "and he's happy; that does not satisfy you."
"perhaps they'll not be at home, and then you can come to the
"so you're settled here? You're still at the same work, then?" he went
"that was wrong, but you'll never do it again, will you?... You love
"you had better remember your duties. This shouldn't be here. You
'Be off, go along, get away with you!' Oh yes, you're a shrewd one
'Let him'- that is you- 'do as he likes,'" he said, laughing only with
A stone round your neck. I don't want to make you wretched; I don't
Alexandrovich, "but he is really Count Bezzubov, as you're probably
Alexandrovna out of the question for me; you understand- utterly out
Alexei Alexandrovich. I beseech you- do it!" he said. "No action has
Alexei Alexandrovich. You understand what I mean?" she said, lifting
Alexei's, you know," she added, and suddenly she blushed.
And I tell you- I did propose, and was rejected, and Katerina
And I think your action was good in itself, but you didn't do it in
And remember that I love you, and shall always love you as my
And when's the wedding to be? What do you think, Alexandre?
And wonderful advice it was! Then the wife of Iury Meledinsky- you
Anna as a sister, and esteem her; I beg, I beseech you to tell me what
Anna. "You won't go either, will you? Who wants to play croquet?"
Anna; "I want to move you downstairs, and we shall be nearer."
Are you glad, papa?"
Arkadyevich, emptying his wineglass, "or are you worried about
Arkadyevich, scowling morosely. "Go into my study; you can talk
Arkadyevich. "Everything is before you."
Arkadyevich. "It's wider to the right; you two go that way and I'll
Arsenii," she turned to her husband, "you take the carriage."
Babylon. "Come, is Babylon reformed, or have you degenerated?" she
But are you fancying she's a writing woman? Not a bit of it. She's a
But supposing that, as always, you don't think of yourself- what can
But what are you going to do in the morning?"
But what did pass between you? Tell me."
But you want to be right, and you're welcome to be right."
Ca se fait. So you're going on Friday? Sorry we shan't see each
Come, I'll show her to you. We had a terrible bother," she began
Constantin Dmitrievich- are you a believer?" she asked Levin.
Countess Nordstone, coming up. "You're a fine person!" she said to
Did I tell you?"
Dmitrich," said the bailiff. "And I have already told you about the
Do you always see them off?" said Sergei Ivanovich with a barely
Do you know, Miaghkov has promised me a place there, and I'm going
Do you remember last time at Khapilovo? And now it would be a
Dolgovushin's! So please come round to dinner. You can't imagine how
Don't you know?"
Doubt between you and Vronsky. Him she was seeing every day, and you
English nursery tale. "Do you remember that's what you used to call
Excuse me, I must leave you for a minute. Would you seal it up,
God's my witness. If you would kindly sign the title deed..."
Golenishchev, when the latter came to see him one morning. "Have you
He still doesn't. Just stands there, stock-still. You can picture it
His mercy aid you and have mercy on you!" he concluded. "Our Lord
How are you, young man?"
How happy you are, Anna!" said Dolly. "Everything is clear and good in
How many are you a member of, Nikolai Ivanich?" she turned to
I can't tell you how sorry I am for you! But, Dolly, darling, while
I congratulate you," said Levin. "It was run in very fast time."
I did not know you, as I do know you..."
I don't know what you thought," he said, turning his handsome,
I don't see how you are suffering, how this has torn open your wounds?
I expect you do too; we all got splashed at the buildings."
I have been talking, I think, of nothing but you all the way." As
I have before me with you, which I could never have with anyone
I have horses. And if you don't want to wound me, you'll take mine."
I must disappoint you... But he has not languished for you as your
I should be so delighted! What do you think, Dolly?"
I should feel offended. One would think you were afraid my society
I told you long ago," he said, turning to Liza Merkalova, "that, in
I will confess that I was pursued by a desire to revenge myself on you
I will go alone, when you go back, and then I shall be in no one's
I'll be your Automedon. You shall see how I'll get you along," he
I'll come. But there's no hurry. Please sit down; won't you have
I'll go and dress and send a maid to you."
I'll go with you."
I'm afraid of you, and I hate you... You can do what you like to me."
I'm certain I'm not wanted; still I've promised, and, if you like,
I'm glad to see you, anyway. After all's said and done, we're not
I'm not strong enough. Can you?" she said to Marya Nikolaevna.
I'm sorry for him or not. You see, all my fortune's here"- he
I'm treating you and him. But it won't be, I imagine, a great grief to
I'm used to everything. You have been ill? Yes, you are changed," said
I've lost my heart to you."
I've told you before, I tell you again: it's not right for you not
If you had been attractive, then..."
Ivanovich. "I'm so dirty. I'm afraid to touch you. I've been so
Ivanovich. "I've intended, indeed, to ask you to tell him that it's
Ivanovich?" said Kitty. "Would you like to do this work for the
Just as you mustn't be afraid of not being able to fall asleep, if
Karenin's. You will understand the bitterness and horror of this
Karr said a capital thing before the war with Prussia: 'You consider
Katia, I'm a criminal. And how could you be so distressed at such
Kitty, have you been skating again?..."
Kitty, signifying approval of her dress and her looks. "You came
Konstantin Dmitrievich, no matter what you give him- even a crust of
Kornei said to me: 'In childbirth you'll die, ma'am, you'll die....'
Kostia, only think!" she said, laughing. "You can go now to Fanny,"
Lafitte is all very pleasant, but don't you dislike just that very
Let them all know you are a scoundrel! I am going away at once, and
Let's go to the gypsies! Do you know, I've gotten very fond of the
Levin had said "Thank you" to the grandfather for all he had built and
Levin speak to you?..."
Levin. "Well, and what about you? Come for long? We have been
Liza's lovesick swain at his age, you ought to see how he carries
Mais c'est du dernier ridicule! What did you think, if a young man..."
Moscow dedicates you with her blessing. Jivio!" he concluded,
Moscow since! Look, Tania, here's something for you! Get it, please,
Moscow since. And, do you know, Kostia, I'll tell you the truth," he
Mulhausen experiment? That's a fact by now, as you're probably aware."
Nihilist perhaps, but, you know, he eats with his knife... But a
No, say what you will, she was a bad woman. Why, what is the meaning
No, you can't forgive me! I know, it can't be forgiven! No, no, go
Nordstone, "there's something enthusiastic about you."
Oblonsky walked into the room. "Well, I'm awfully glad I've found you!
Of course, I see how you torture yourself over everything- the
Only in the last extremity shall I apply to you." And she got up and
Permanent hands, day laborers, farmers- you can't get out of those
Peterburg. He left soon after you did, and hasn't been once in
Rebecca, you see." He had had a row, too, with Berkoshev, and the
See what comes of living in the provinces- you know nothing about
Selo yesterday? Numerova wasn't at all bad. Where were you?"
Sergei Ivanovich! Why, you ought to have said something- just a few
Serpukhovskoy. "I'm glad you've been seeing her pretty often."
She does not want anything, does not dare ask you for anything- she
She's a wonderful woman. For God's sake, on my knees, I implore you!"
Stepan Arkadyevich's eyes seemed to ask: "Why do you tell me that?
Stepan Arkadyevich- are the real patriots: what number have you
Sviiazhsky. "But you must come a little beforehand, so as to be on the
Take you, now- you wouldn't wrong a man..."
Tell me yourself what will give you true happiness and peace to your
The questions one must ask oneself! Listen. You can't imagine what
Then you ask Neviedovsky if he's going to run. That's not done."
Vaska... Ah, to be sure, you don't know each other." And, mentioning
Vassilii Lukich? He'll come in soon. Why, you're sitting on my
Vassilyevich- you'd best detain the master some way or other, while
Veslovsky... you know him. A very charming boy," she said, and a sly
Vronsky bowing, "that no doubt you do not remember me."
Vronsky, of course, but I won't talk about that. I tell you straight
Well, say what you will, we women feel for our sister."
What answer will you make him when the innocent babe asks you:
What do you think about it?" She turned to Anna, who, with a barely
What do you want?" He turned round and called to a lad, who was
What would you advise? Kamerovsky, look after the coffee- it's
When are you going there?" Stepan Arkadyevich asked Vassenka.
Would you be pleased to walk into the garden?" announced another
Yes, yes, I know you're all perfection; but what am I to do if I'm
You are forgetting me... Does that make it easier for me?"
You can't understand. It's too awful! I try not to take any view of it
You did not appreciate it, did not make enough of it."
You don't care to understand my life. The one thing that I cared for
You haven't read them: do read, they've thrashed that question out
You know we have sometimes laughed at him for putting in at every
You know, les petites misires de la vie humaine," he said, as it
You won't grow him again in a year," he said cautiously, and he
You're both wrong. You're rather wrong outwardly, and he, rather
You're fool enough at all times, and when you start explaining
You..." but she could not say more.
Your wife gets older, while you're full of life. Before you've time to
Zoological Gardens from four to five. Kitty skates. You drive along
a breach of propriety. Well, you see, in such a position any other
a feeling of weakness, of dislike to being left alone. Come, you'll be
a pity you couldn't have looked through a peephole."
a sentence, and merely sighed. "Well, what do you say? Can sowing
about a girl, you come to the house, you make friends, you
about it, if you come to that," said the old Prince.
about it. But you're so positive you know all the lore of the
about it.... But if you and he..."
about the race? You haven't told me!" she inquired, trying to
about with you?"
abroad," she said with a cordial smile. "I know you and all your
absorbed in here. No, really, I envy you. What a house, how splendid
accordance with that. Imagine, I ought to have said to him, that you
acquaintance," she said to the Prince. "You've long been expected,
acquaintance. If you want him defined, here he is: a prime, well-fed
across the room to his study. "What are you reading now?" she asked.
act in this awful position- that's what you must think of."
action was bad, but I beg of you to take into consideration the
addressing Landau; "you don't know English- but it's short."
affair of your own conscience; but I am in duty bound to you, to
affection and respect for you," he said, reddening.
affectionately at her. "You were to blame. I was to blame. I'll make
afraid of spiders, and I of these vermin. Most likely you've not
after a brief pause. "Wasn't it you (and didn't we all appreciate it
after... you came to see us," she said, with a guilty and at the
again? You know they're hardly seventy verstas from you, and I too
aim- and that's not how it is. You want a man's work, too, always to
air of mock dismay, "a weighty question. You are at this moment just
all of us- her relatives, all who love her- beg you, entreat you.
all this time, and I'm very, very glad you've come," he said,
all. Succor and comfort you will find not in me, though I have come
alleviated by you, and you will lose nothing by it. I will arrange
allow me to be of use to you," said Levin, and as he said it he became
almost alternately.) "I didn't expect you! I'm going through my
alone, and not see one of your dolls, and I won't make you a new
altogether, as the French say, too prime-sautiere a nature; you must
always dull. Haven't you noticed it?"
am afraid of what is before us... I beg your pardon- you would like to
am worrying you," he threw the blame on God; but thinking of God, at
among the peasants, and where millions of chetverts were raised you
an excursion into the country. "And the dog you're taking with you
and I are terribly at fault, I see. You married men- especially you,
and I fancy... Well, what do you think of him?"
and I would advise you to buy him," said Iashvin, glancing at his
and asks for nothing. What are you to do? How are you to act?
and death. If you had not promised it once, she would have
and for our son. I am fully persuaded that you have repented, and do
and from there, if you care to, come to my place. I should very much
and if you will intrust it to me, I will write to her."
and not seeing each other? Why can't I go? I love you, and I don't
and on learning that he was not, said to him: "Well, mind you don't
and see you, if your wife is a fine woman."
and then have the honor of laying my opinion before you."
and then ruin everything you give him. He spoils the horses by
and then you must come and upset her with your nonsense," she said
and they beg you to forgive their misbehavior.' The government clerk
and want to be a help to her. Have I understood you rightly?" he
and with good reason. If you have evening parties, invite everyone,
and you're done for; you're done for," Stepan Arkadyevich said with
answer as to whether you will undertake to conduct the case, and on
anxiety. Yes, you're a wonderful husband!" she said, with a
anxious for it," she went on. "What do you think about it?" And she
anybody dare think, that anybody dare look at you with eyes like
anyone else after knowing you. Only I can't understand how he could,
anything to have spared you certain memories, but others are not of
anything. He has completely lost his heart to you," she added. "You're
anything. Landau, do you see, was a commis in a shop in Paris, and
anything.... No, I see you've a grudge against that unlucky Riabinin."
apathetically, proffering his hand. "You set out with the mother and
approved of what you did. But there are ways of doing everything.
are after all essential, with anyone prepared to see you. But that's
are so kind as you, to be in such a hurry to communicate such
are terrible. Woman, don't you know, is such a subject that no
are things with you?"
are you stopping? I can fancy after your delightful travels you must
are, and especially now when to me you're something sacred, and
arrival here. I beg you to note that I attach particular
as an honest man, you cannot help caring about it and sympathizing
as much for myself as for you. I am your husband, and I love you."
as she came by the same way to the drawing room. "What is it? You're
as she took up her cup. "I understand you, and I understand Liza. Liza
as the share of labor, the surplus left you will be greater, and
as you assert..."
as you can only carry a fardeau yet do something with your hands
as you know, a humiliating and degrading feeling, and I shall never
as you like. I was very glad to hear of your intention. There have
as you think of doing," she said, understanding all he had not
ask what it is you want of me?"
asking me about you, as though I ought to know. The only thing I
associated with the repulsion I feel for you. But still I shall take
at all without these improvements, you would be quite right. But the
at politics, I dare say! You don't need to be taught how to swindle
at random, but in strict sequence of ideas, "that you ought to get
at seven o'clock. Stiva did very rightly to send you. He needs their
at the first moment, feeling how she had wronged you, she did not
audience has collected to listen to you."
avenue, and you'll come right upon it. But whom do you want? The Count
awaits you and your son. All this I hope to discuss more in detail
away the papers, and said: "So do it that way, if you please, Zakhar
away, you're too good!" She held his hand in one burning hand, while
bag," she said, turning to her husband, "you know, in the side pocket;
be so glad to see you. She's quite alone, poor thing. My mother-in-law
be. If she wishes to see you, I will let you know, but now I suppose
be.... And if you don't love me any more, it would be better and
because I knew I could be of no use to you and to Anna Arkadyevna,"
because you feel yourself responsible, you exaggerate it, I am
because you want the reality to be constantly corresponding with the
because you're both splendid fellows."
become of her, if you cast her off?"
been all your life- you want to be original, to pose as not simply
been asking for you. And, d'you know, if I may venture to advise
been so many attacks made on the volunteers, and a man like you raises
been talking all the way. And so you, I hear... vous filez le
before. "'Eh, you love another man, and have entered into a criminal
beginning. You know how I was married. With the education maman gave
beginning. You married a man twenty years older than yourself. You
believe that! She's unhappy as only a woman can be unhappy, and you
believe you love me, dear!"
believe you.... What were you saying?"
beside her. "I want to talk to you."
better still in throwing up that crazy brother-in-law of yours. You
better, and I live on... I have forgiven it, and you ought to
birthday. You haven't changed one bit."
bit! But what's the use of getting in a rage? If you'd drunk four
blame you, and God is my witness that on seeing you at the time of
bless you...."
boiled out; you can see I'm taken up with business! I want a
book, dear Count? I'm very grateful to you," she said to the young
bottles per man yesterday as I did, you'd forget where you were at.
boy's questions, he said, "Go to sleep, Vaska; go to sleep or you'll
boy, and quite under control. You know, I turn him as I please. It's
boy. But how pale you are!"
breeding. You know, one of those savage new people one is forever
bring it from below, please. And mind you shut the doors."
brother Nikolai... you know, he's here... I had forgotten even him. It
brought him must be a toy railway. "What do you think?" he inquired.
brought up in her house). "She told me you'd been given a new star.
brought you a visitor. And here he comes."
brought you up to town?"
bundles of bast. And nowadays that bast's worth something. And you'd
but I beg you to go away. You can explain my rudeness as you like."
but this year I'm not going to let you have things your own way.
but you ought not to persevere in it. I only ask you to give me
but you've made me. Soon, soon, all will be over, and we shall all,
buttoning the leather apron. "But can I congratulate you on the
by cock-crow. What are three pots? A mere mouthful! And oats now you
by now. And who may you belong to?..."
calculations," said Levin; "and where will you be?"
calculations. "And he'd make his fortune. But you and I must thank God
call me a Nihilist! But this won't do, you know. You must take the
call things by their names. You want me to go and see her, to ask
calmer and breathing painfully; "and then you talk to me of Sergei
came to see me in Peterburg was Betsy Tverskaia? You know her, of
can go, if you like."
can she stay in the town where you are? No, the longer one lives the
can't live without you?"
can't tell you anything," he said, and looked round at the officer who
can't think of you and myself apart. You and I are one to me. And I
can't understand it; for you men, who are free and make your own
cannot be unhappy because he is not alone. But you will see." She
cannot... You cannot stay like this, especially now."
care for you more than ever," said Anna, with tears in her eyes.
carelessly. "Have you been here long?" he added.
carriage that had sunk in the mire. "What did you drive in for?" he
carried away. I ought to tell you... Can you forgive it?"
carte blanche. I'm not going to offer you my protection.... Though,
cause of Kitty's illness. "You're barking up the wrong tree," he
certain degree of advancement. Possibly you are right too- that action
chances. "He will get angry, and will not listen to you," they used to
changed the subject. "You say I take too gloomy a view of things.
chat. Now please don't fret over your son; you can't expect never to
chief thing. You can't conceive how I'm resting my hopes on you."
children, run along, run along. Do you hear? Miss Hoole is calling you
choice, it's always clear whom you love. But a girl's in a position of
clearly," she went on musingly. "So you won't come to see us, then,
clever old fellow. He'll pull the tooth out for you so gently you
client's remarks, "for me to lay before you all the methods by which
closer acquaintance with you. Les amis de nos amis sont nos amis.
coat, he added: "I do like you so! Well, is it possible for me to be
coffeepot. There, we didn't expect you! I Hope you're satisfied with
coldly than she wanted to. "I'm very glad for you. Why haven't you
coldly, and immediately added: "You haven't seen Mlle. Linon, have
colonel);- "you're expected there."
come and see Anna; yes, I shall certainly come. You won't be here
come down to you.'" He felt dismayed and vexed for the first minute
come from their lunch. You understand. Their repentance is heartfelt
come primarily to see you," he said, embracing and kissing him,
come to us, you know, but my wife's not quite well. But I'll tell
come, and she did not ask him. "Where are you going, Kostia?" she
coming across nowadays; one of those freethinkers, you know, who are
commit- uncleanliness. So you would advise a knife at his throat?"
communicating to you my decision in regard to the subject of that
complete possession of all his faculties. "But as I told you then, and
completely turned between the two you are choosing from. But a girl is
composedly, "and I beg you to hear me to the end. I consider jealousy,
comprehensible and natural to you," she had said, and walked out of
comrade. "We've been marrying you off here. Have you brought your wife
confused, and reddened- "that you will let me arrange and plan our
congratulated you yet," said the old man, pointing to his newly
consequently considered it mean to avoid it. "Have you got a sleigh?
contempt.) "You may be sure he'll make it pay, Konstantin Dmitrich!
content with shaking hands, he kissed his friend. "Have you been
control the trembling of his jaw; "and you'd better not ask."
conversation, he said: "Then I'll send you two cows, shall I? If you
conviction that it must be thus. "And how do you come to be in our
could I help being in despair. I am listening to you, but I am
could never have conceived. Would you believe it, that, knowing he's a
couldn't I be of use to you?"
country place; and there, you'd hardly believe it, in a fortnight
country! Wonderful! Why didn't you offer Riabinin something?"
course... One thing: you must not act in haste. You must not, you must
court. He went to a big ball in a new casque. Have you seen the new
crimsoning to the roots of her hair. "But you'll come back here
criticize, you wait to see if you have found what you love, and
croquet player. You shall see. And, in spite of his absurd position as
cross over him, and glancing toward the door, "go, and God help you.
cross-examining my old simpleton Alioshka: 'Do you admit, prisoner
darkly. "You can't imagine moral sufferings greater than what she went
dead," he said sarcastically, wrathfully. "Well, you can put me down
deal of this ball, and you want everyone to be there and take part
deceived you, who has come to love another woman. I can't understand
delighted, and said to her husband triumphantly: 'You see, I was
delightful visitor! Ah, how glad I am to see you!" he shouted,
department of Penza. Here, would you care?..."
despising me, with his father, whom I've abandoned. Do you see, I love
dessiatina paid down, while he's giving you two hundred by
devil with you! And I'm very sorry I ever came!"
didn't you?"
different- but you're going to be the same as you've always been: with
different. You look at such little ancients, now," he said, pointing
difficult that is! You have hardly succeeded in combating one tendency
direct kind- that is, by eyewitnesses. In fact, if you do me the honor
directly my back was turned. He was asking for you. I told him: when
disappear, and I disappear. You shall not see me if my presence is
disapprobation of our laws, "is possible, as you are aware, in the
discuss with you your majolica and engravings. Come, now, what
discussion- we'll see to that. Have you been reading Spencer?"
disinclined to leave his brother's side. "But what did you do while it
displeased with you, and Piotr Ignatich" (this was the chief
distress me. You said you had no feeling for him."
do more work than I did in the service, and, like you, I get five
do shut the door!" he cried. "You must have let in a dozen at least."
do they want to argue for? No one ever convinces anyone, you know."
do with it, you make a muddle."
do you see?"
do you think, isn't it time to start, Kostia?" he added.
dog, will you?"
don't like my being lively. I wasn't dull. Does that offend you?"
don't want to know you. What is it you want?"
don't you go up to him? He wanted to speak to you."
door. "Ah, here you are at last!" she said, turning with a smile to
down to the table. "I've long wanted to ask you one thing."
drinking at the club, drinking and gambling, and then you went...
drunken men beating a woman or a child- I imagine you would not stop
dying, you're dying," and Nikolai could only have answered: "I know
each other's faces, and Konstantin could only have said: "You're
easy it is for you to insult me?" she said.
education? If it's a good thing for you, it's a good thing for
either has no meaning, or it has a very wrong meaning. How can you
election, but I was told you had gone away."
else I shall read the letters without you."
embraced Anna. "My dear, how glad I am you came. It has made things
ended. If you will allow me to recapitulate, it was like this: when
enticing you to infidelity?" he said, with gentle reproachfulness. "If
essential for me to see you. Come to the Vrede garden. I shall be
even malicious tongues can find nothing to say against you. There
evening. What's enjoyable about that? No; do tell me how you manage
everything. "Do what you choose, if it amuses you, I'm happy, and my
everything. And then they do so much good. He didn't tell you about
except yourself. You know we're utterly unlike each other, different
exercise great influence. Then there's Tushkevich- you have seen
expect you before dinner. Oh, yes! Do you know that Dolly's position
expect you're as hungry as a wolf. Kouzma has got everything ready for
expecting you for such a long time."
expecting you. Please, do come. And, above all, talk it over with her.
expression of despair; "what wouldn't I do to save you from distress
eye. "I am dying; I beg, I implore you to come. I shall die easier
face: "I have ordered the horses to be put to for you."
faith acts. You know Marie Sanina? You know about her trouble? She
far as that alder tree, and right up to the mill. Over there, do you
farming- you have it."
fastened together with twine, lying in a corner of the room. "Do you
fault: "Do what you will to me."
favor of classical education, as you expressed it just now, its moral-
favor, I beseech you!"
feel ashamed, in at ease. Well, take any example you like... This
feeling I have always had for you... and sincere esteem," said
feeling, were ready to make any sacrifice? You said yourself: if a man
filled give me the, I feel, unpardonable boldness to write to you. I
find anything there," said Katavassov. "Wait a bit, when you set it to
foot against the other to shake the snow off. "What a shame you did
for Kitty's use. "I'm told you have a sidesaddle," she wrote to him;
for anything. You can't with your pure heart understand all that I'm
for her sake I went through that farce. She's so sweet; but you and
for her. You suffer only from pride...."
for whose benefit you intend them?"
for you to decide."
for you!" he said mentally, like a man who, after vainly attempting to
for you, Katia," he went on, addressing his younger daughter, "you
for you; all I meant to say is that her refusal at that moment
force of inertia. Just look, the very uniforms tell you that it's an
forest. It's difficult. Have you counted the trees?"
forget that you're seeing us in the summer, when you have come to us
forget you."
forgetting the past. In the contrary event, you can conjecture what
forgiven- that you forgive... have we the right to work on the soul of
founded on material interest would be more desirable. You are
freshness and energy. "Come, we'll go to the countinghouse, if you
friends- I don't count Princess Varvara- but I know that you have done
from it, and, besides, it is only my personal opinion. With you it
from me. You won't?"
from the beginning, it would be the same. For us, for you and for
from you that in beginning this I was in uncertainty, I was in misery;
fun, I'll fetch you. You've treated me to some good sport, and I won't
general good, and to love the task set you, as he does, and nothing
give to be able to love you freely and unafraid! I should not
give your babes if you do not overcome the temptation of the devil,
given them for nothing, as you're doing now. I know your forest. I
glad you're in good spirits, and are hunting bears, and working, and
glass. "I shall get drunk.... Come, tell me how are you getting on?"
go; or would you rather walk?"
gone away. I did so want to see you, especially yesterday. Wasn't it
good-humoredly, and he walked up to Levin. "Well, sir, are you going
goodhearted man, and a Christian. You must have pity on her," he said.
got so much I want to tell you," she had said.
grandeur, and am proud to have such a great person as a friend. You've
grandfather. And I know many such. You think it mean of me to count
greater than the Alexandre Nevsky? You know papa's received the
ground floor, but there was no reckoning on anything. You know, of
had not cared for those pleasures yourself, you might have got out
had not spoken of this. What have you come for, Tania?" she said in
half a rouble, and times you wouldn't give half an hour of for any
half, and I've nothing, and still I can live, as you see!"
hands and bending over her. "What were you thinking of?"
hands and cracked his fingers. "I've come to bring you some money,
hands of every village clerk, while you have at your disposal a
happiness can be no greater and no less because of anything you do,"
has been getting up some fun there. Do you hear the laughter and his
has revealed it to us. Or your child will ask you: 'What awaits me
hat cocked on one side, and addressing a footman he knew; "why, you've
have any more influence on my life. Do you agree?"
have heard so much of you from everyone, even from your husband. He
have looked you up. I am glad to see you!" he said, knocking one
have neither a heart nor a sense of honor! You are hateful to me,
have not listened to me. Now I cannot let you disgrace my name'"- "and
have the same system as the old peasant has, that you have found means
have written to you," he said in a thin, shrill voice, "I repeat
have you been getting on?" said Levin, completely forgetting the
have you come to Moscow, then?... Hi! clear the table!" he called to
haven't a thought I wouldn't lay bare to you?"
he forcibly made her sit down in her place. "Base! If you care to
he had known. So I lived eight years. You must understand that I was
he had taken off, and flinging them on the ground. "You can put them
he said. "Anything's better than the situation in which you're living.
he went on, speaking of a new French actress. "No matter how often you
he went on. "You know I got rid of that woman."
he's made a start.... You swing it too wide, you'll tire yourself
he's over head and ears in love with Kitty, and you know that her
he, Vronsky, is capable of falling in love with you in a single day."
hearers.- "You're back from leave, I suppose?" he said, and without
heart for him. That you know- whether there is enough for you to be
help both her and you," said Stepan Arkadyevich.
her friend. "Where are you off to in such haste?"
her sister's husband, Lvov), "and we determined to send you with him
her to me; give me my little one! He has not come yet. You say he
here all danger was over. "I am very, very glad to see you," he went
here he would know very well how to answer you, though I am not
here is not good, but at least you will see him. There is no one of
here was Hannah. You say it's affectation. Why, you said yesterday
here. Well, tell me, how have you been? Mikhail Vassilyevich, you've
here? Any shlupiks here yet?' And he says: 'You're the third.' Yes, my
hesitate to say that she's a remarkable woman.... But you will see.
him again. "That you've no pride, no dignity; that you're
him any less than on you? You're wretched, he's wretched, and what
him out of his difficulties. "I tell you what you might try," he
him with civility," said Levin, kissing her hands. "You shall see.
him, and you are that still, and this has not been a passion of the
him, you know- Betsy's admirer. Now he's been thrown over, and he's
him. "I've wanted to tell you something for a long while," she
hindrance- that's marriage. Now, how am I to tell you what I mean?"
hindrance. I expected you the day before yesterday, and yesterday, and
his angered her, and gave her courage. "Surely you must feel how
his eyes. "And you'll drink something? All right then, we'll have a
his feet, his face white and his jaws twitching, "I beg you to drop
his guest's departure. "Mais c'est ridicule! What flea has bitten you?
his heart. But I am afraid you do not understand me. Won't you have
his old friends in the regiment Alexei cares for as he does for you."
historians and philosophers, and, you see, all the intellectual work
home. You never put in an appearance anywhere, and I haven't seen
horrid Soden for making you so well again. Only it's melancholy,
horses," he said. "You never told me that you were going definitely.
horses- and you have them; dogs- you have them; shooting- you have it;
hostile to me- if you knew what this means for me! If you knew how I
house.... Oh, Anna, why are you so irritable? Don't you know that I
however much you may esteem her. And then all at once love turns up-
humble submission and dread. "I would not offend you," his eyes seemed
hurriedly coming out at the door. "You mustn't shout like that."
husband and seeing nothing reprehensible in it, apparently, you can
husband, to have a legal right to you."
husband. "There, I'll do it all, if you like..."
hypocritical- I know all about that; but really, what you're saying
if you drag that fardeau about with you without marriage, your hands
if you like."
if you will never talk about this. When you talk about it- it's only
immediately. "I meant to come and see you," he said; and then,
immorality; "but I don't understand cruelty- to whom? To you! How
importance, that gives you such tranquility? You know, tell me!" But
impossible. Forgive me for having troubled you. Everyone has enough to
impression on you."
improve your position.... You know how I look at it... But all the
in a second you flashed by, and I saw you at the window- you were
in elevated language, and... you, too," he said, addressing Karenin
in her out of the way? A companion, most probably. If you like, I'll
in love with you, and remained in love with you, but..."
in me; I believe you are making a mistake. But whether I am right or
in tastes, and views, and everything; but I know you're fond of me and
in the background stand out! There you have technique," he said,
in the life beyond the grave?' What will you say to him when you
in the morning. "You're not angry with me, Stiva? Please don't be
in you?) who forgave everything, and, moved simply by Christian
indeed, why shouldn't I protect you?- you've protected me often
indicating that he was annoyed by it. "How are you?"
indifference to me; you will have to treat me with respect if you want
inferior to them. But you and I have one important, certain
inform you that in practice cases of divorce may all be reduced to the
inform you that our relations must be just as they have always been,
insist on a bill you shall pay me five roubles a month- if you
installments. So that in fact you're making him a present of thirty
intensest discomfort to himself. "You must knock it down a bit,
interest you so. I should certainly go."
interested. Shcherbatsky told me another story- he met you: that you
interpretation you put on my words."
interrupted Dolly, who would have rejoined- "he has hurt you,
into his frigid face. "You were not mistaken. I was in despair, nor
irritable condition. "When are you going away?" she asked.
is far more painful. There I might be a help to you and to him.
is it you don't act accordingly?..."
is that I am so glad to have you!" said Anna, kissing her again.
is that you don't look at it as you should."
is the matter with you today?"
is wrong between you? What fault do you find with her?"
is you feel no pity for me, if nothing else, when you know..."
is! But you'll make it right, Dolly? Eh?"
it all for you, so that you'll never notice it. You did promise it,
it comes to pass I'll tell you. Can't you guess?"
it depended on you..."
it is, Princess, that I am shamelessly clutching at you as an anchor
it lead to?- To fresh suffering for you, to torture for the child.
it never entered my head that it was you," said Stepan Arkadyevich,
it such people don't disgust you? I can understand a lunch with
it to you. How many roubles do you want?"
it will come round- I tell you."
it would be better for you to go away."
it would have been in the country! As it is, I'm worrying you all, and
it!" he shouted again, immediately after. "You're going home, so
it's a pleasure to you.... Grisha, don't pull my hair. It's untidy
it's done. Do you call that a rational system?" said the landowner,
it's not right for you to be agitated. Please remember that, and
it- why, Dolly, it's no secret- and a salary of eight thousand! You
judge, but in their house you feel the real feeling of home."
just go and take him on as a laborer- he'll do his best to do you a
justice of the peace? You are not in the uniform of one."
keep your books as you like, but if they spoil everything for you,
kinder than I am, and I have done him wrong. When you grow up you will
know is that you always do what no one else does."
know nothing? How will you answer him? Will you leave him to the
know that was what you meant to do."
know?' You cannot but know, since the Lord God in His infinite mercy
knowing you have a trouble I am not sharing? Tell me, for God's sake!"
known you and liked you for a long while, both from your friendship
known?" she said. "Only what you tell me. And how do I know whether
ladies are down? A walk now would be capital. You show me your
lamplight. "You're punished, you see, for being late."
laughing. "But what do you think of Claire today? She's a wonder!"
laws, my dear, and since you've challenged me to it, I'll tell you
lawsuit, because I must have my property. You can understand the
leaning on the window and chatting on, "my son, I must tell you, has
learned, religious somewhat... But you know that's not... not in my
leave it to me, and do what I say. Never speak to me of it. Do you
let me have a talk with Vronsky. Don't you remember?"
letter? No, thank you; to meet death one needs no letters of
life," said Sergei Ivanovich. "However happy you may be, you must
lighted a cigar. "How is it you don't smoke? A cigar is a sort of
like Stiva look at it. You speak of his talking of you with her.
like that! Wait a minute. I'll give him to you. Here we're showing
like that," said Stepan Arkadyevich. "Do you remember me?"
like this.... But I will come with you to Moscow."
like you and me."
little girl to live with her. But you'll see her for yourself."
little interested in the conversation, "but you have remained true
live after his own way; a mother isn't told a thing, and then you
loathsome were left. Well, how shall I put it to you?" she went on,
lock of his gun with a somewhat somber expression, "do you see that
longed to be in the country. There's nothing to keep you, is there?"
longer he has lived with you the loftier you have been in his eyes.
longing to have some tea before they come. You might go," she turned
look at you and one sees a woman who may be happy or unhappy, but
look at you, but it was so unbearably hot that I got no further than
look for perfection, you will never be satisfied. And it's true, as
look out, for fear of dropping into it ourselves. You know Prince
look round, you feel that you can't love your wife with love,
looked after that heifer like a child.' 'How can it interest you so
looked down upon? You consider Vronsky an aristocrat, but I don't. A
looking at her with laughing eyes. "I am not wrong in believing you to
looking for you. They are voting on the legal point."
looking him in the face, "I asked you about Anna; you made me no
looking intently into Anna's face. "Really, if I were not fond of you,
lover, while you eat your husband's bread!"
luxury, honor for your infant; you will be anxious for his
mad whisper: "You did not appreciate it, did not make enough of it.
made up my mind that it could never be- you understand, like a
make her acquaintance myself," answered her mother. "What do you see
make- you know that drink- wine and oranges. It's so cooling. And it's
man, but he wants to get something out of Alexei. You understand, with
manage? Have you weaned her yet?"
marry me. Think a little. You've made a mistake. Think it over
marsh begins here, straight in front of us, do you see- where it is
matter how much you study it, it's always perfectly new."
may be, and yet you don't cut down the old fellow to make room for the
may beg as you please, but I won't be open with you. So much the worse
me carte blanche, retire from the regiment, and I'll get you in
me! However hard it is for you, believe me, it is more terrible for
me, and really, if it interests you, you ought to study it."
me, you try on purpose not to understand...."
meaning of being to blame? Could it have been otherwise? What do you
means. But listen: we're the same age, you've known a greater number
meant, "If you could forget and forgive what happened."
mediator!... I assure you Talleyrand was a nobody compared to me."
meeting him in the outer drawing room. "I must talk to you. Let's
meeting to fetch me. You'll find me still there."
might ask for you," and himself led him to his wife's boudoir.
might have lived, and how happy you would have been in him. But he's
milksops, scou-...' Yet, you understand, the milksop is present, and
minute, even if you're behind."
mischief, and then bring you up before the justice of the peace."
mocking smile, gazing on the approaching man. "How is it you have
money. Isn't that so, Katenka? What is it? Why are you so depressed?"
more heated. "Your tears mean nothing! You have never loved me; you
more importance, they'll undertake the job and never get you there.
more to tell you."
mother straight in the face; "but I have nothing to tell you now,
much as never to be parted from you," said Vronsky, smiling.
much so that I'm afraid of this fellow's crying off, in fact. You know
must talk to you."
my life. And there's no harm in it, you know. Is there?" answered
my position; but it's not so easy to decide as you think. Therefore
my wife, talk to her. She loves Anna like a sister, she loves you, and
myself and to God, to point out to you your duties. Our life has
myself; but what are you saying all this for?"
n, b, d, t, m, n, o, t. These letters meant, "When you told me: it
nature to lie, and I grieve for you. I often think, how could you ruin
need of it. Well, I tell you what," he went on, flying off again to
never blushed before anyone, and you force me to feel guilty of
never, never would I do what you're doing- going back to a man who's
news of your poor sister? You needn't look at me like that," she
no answer. What's to be done- you tell me that; what's to be done?
nonsense. It's the truth I'm telling you. I do value my idea and my
nor to try to comfort you- that's impossible. But, my dearest, I'm
not by way of patronage, you know, helping with money; she's herself
not for my sake- I see that you suffer."
not know what to begin on first. The full dinner is you, and the talks
not know you, and, indeed, our acquaintance was so slight," said
not long for any novelty. Then you'll see the steward- a German, a
not merchants, you know; they're speculators. He wouldn't look at a
not the slightest need for you to do it, and it's hot for you," she
not to give way to grief. Your sorrow is a great one, but you ought to
not you're to be away for a couple of days' shooting. That's all
notebooks lying before her on the table. "Why did you give them me?
nothing but you," she said.
nothing to her. He addressed Sappho: "You've lost your bet. We got
noticed. "How late you are today, Dolly!"
now I am sending to find out where you are and what you are doing. I
nowhere. You ask me the same things, three times running."
of culture- the magazines. In old times, you see, a man who wanted
of her: she loved that man, and I tried to hate you, and could not
of it all is, you see, that I can't cast him off: there are the
of it," said Anna. "But, I dare say, you don't even know what houses
of it. He was saying you couldn't tell it from rye."
of it? Have you read his essay?" he turned to Kritsky, sitting down
of my coat, but afterward you took my part, for which I am extremely
of signing one hundred and eighty papers), "loving your work, you will
of such importance that I can't bear to think that you should bring in
of that now. Now I speak only of your external attitude. You have
of the house. "Why, have you been going in for gymnastics again?" he
of the neck. "You understand everything, I see, and have taken stock
of the way. You drive out a little, and it'll cheer you up," said
of them. But it affords you satisfaction to gaze at Therese in the
of twelve; still you'll be one of us one day. Yes, as to your
of undoubted utility. After all, you know, it's a growing thing!
of?" said Levin, piercing him with his eyes. "You think it's
off the absurd position. He's very nice. Don't you know Sappho Stoltz?
office," said he, "and if need arose, I should come to you to ask
on Anna's face, she changed the drift of her question. "How did you
on Wednesday. And when are you off?" said Iashvin, looking at Vronsky,
on as it has done in the past. This is essential for me, for you,
on you.
on. "Well, what now? How are you? When did you come?"
on; "you forget my position. How can I desire children? I'm not
one's friend, and I fear that you are not doing so in the case of
only one happiness in life for me- that word you dislike so... yes,
only to aid you, if I can. If I could take from off you all these
opening the creaking door. "How is it you're not asleep yet?"
opening. I'll show it to you. And then- I thought over our
opinion of her- for a good, an excellent woman; and so you must excuse
or eleven years since I had the honor of seeing you."
or six o'clock, if you like. How is my darling Anna? How long..."
order not to be bored, you mustn't think you're going to be bored.
order tea as you like it. Urgent. He lays the cross, but He gives
organize itself. But you have nothing..."
ought to give you a sketch of the company you will meet with us,"
ought to start early. You're not tired? Aren't you tired, Stiva?"
ought to tell you..."
our connection, you have for me, at least in part, the same friendly
our friendship- if not breaking up, at least weakening it. You will
out suddenly all the horror, all the loathsomeness... You must try and
out, if I were you, I should go back with me to Moscow, and..."
out. "I know you are dining at the club; papa put down your name.
overcome with confusion, and blushed. "I didn't know you could
painful to you."
parting: "Mind you don't shoot one another." The dogs came nearer
passed that Kostia has not mentioned you, and been anxious."
pause; "we have to speak of a subject painful for you. I would give
pavilion. Didn't you see her?"
peace, and I can't give it to you; all of myself, and love- yes. I
peasant Platon)- "do you suppose he'd flay the skin off a man? Where
peasants and Rezunov himself said to Levin: "If you would take a
peculiar, obscure for him, gleam in her eyes, "if you have not changed
pedagogue) "is displeased with you.... I shall have to punish you."
people like you...."
perfect aristocrat, you know, and his future position in society,
perfectly well, and we are holding her till you are back. All are
petitesse, if you like, but I love him all the more for it. And now
phrase. "One time you don't like my being dull, and another time you
pictures. Have you seen them?"
piece. That's your quality and your failing. You have a character
pierced you to the heart. 'No, no, she cannot forgive me,' he keeps on
plainly as words: "Well, old boy, you have popped me down in a learned
planning one before the house, you know, and there you've a tree
plus fin que ca, when you get a peep at their cards. I may be inferior
pointing to the crucifix. "Do you believe in all the doctrines of
political economy; you say- worse. I say socialism- worse.
porter... You know Vassilii? Why, that fat one; he's famous for his
portrait. What you said so perfectly hits off French art now,
position as I can. Let me tell you candidly my opinion." Again he
position was irregular. Don't imagine I would compare... I know you,
position, and so talked serenely and without haste. "But you have
position. I see you don't understand all the difficulty of my
possesses you to have to do with railways and Yids?... Take it as
precisely the same as a wife to me- precisely. So now you know whom
prepared the phrase: "You have heard of my trouble?" But he ended by
pretty face. I speak plainly, at my age, and I tell you simply that
pretty you've grown, Dollenka," he said to his wife, once more kissing
principle. I simply liked you, but you most likely only wanted to save
probably said to him by a peasant: "Ah, you'd better get round your
promised her long ago to bring you. Where were you intending to
promised land. You're not sending the horses off yet?"
prove, do you see, that he was not miserly about money. C'est une
public-spirited citizen, and I have defended you to the best of my
pulling it, "if you don't strain the strings, and then try to break
put an end to it. If you knew how terrible it is to me- what I would
question is: Can you go on living with your husband? Do you wish it?
question, there is no change, but it's a pity you've been away so
question. "It's like this, you see: two sit on a bench- they're the
question? Why do you say it's out of the question?"
quite the way you should have done."
radiant smile of happiness. "I saw you when you were driving from
rapidly. "Mamma, take my earrings. They bother me. You're not
rapturously, "and so you cannot be ashamed of your act."
ready to do anything to make you happy," he said, touched by her
really be getting along if you want to be in time at the theater."
really going on. You know, in decent society one doesn't talk or think
received it as a heritage, would say "Thank you" to his father as
receiving word from you?" he asked moving toward the door, his eyes
recriminations! What is past is past, and you know what she wants
remember the time when he came to me and cried, talking of you, and of
remember you attacked me for seeking enjoyment in life?
remembering me. Knowing your friendship for him, I know you will
rent for the land, it would save you trouble, and we should be more
repent, of what has called forth the present letter, and that you will
reproach you.... I want you not to see him. That's not much, I
restraining his rising anger. "It's a great pity if you can't
result- the railways. But of course you think the railways useless."
riding habit for a moment beside Dolly. "Tell me about all of you.
right, I can give you that satisfaction. You're in the right; but
rights a little, you'll find it!"
riverside banks always remind me of the riddle- do you know it? 'The
rule of checking his hat in the porter's room. "Long time since you've
run after other men's wives- you'd better get round your own." These
sacred, and therefore I beg you to interpret your husband's refusal in
sacrificed everything. Now, when the thing's done, don't you see,
said Levin. "Have you heard about the war, Mikhailich?" he said,
said Stepan Arkadyevich. "Well, then, my friend, you give us two- or
said his father, getting up, "whatever can interest you? I am
said that we must put off going for three days, and on that you told
said the Prince. "There's my son-in-law, Stepan Arkadyevich- you
said to Vronsky. "You also are still closer and dearer to me. And I
said to him at parting: "Anyway, you will see him. Find out exactly
said to the doctor, a sickly-looking man; "have you been there?"
said with effort. "And when you've cleared up, you go away," he added,
said, "that while you do so much for the health of the peasants, you
said. "You can't conceive how queer it all seems to a countryman
said. "You must understand that for me to see you, and not to see him,
said: 'Why, aren't you going to dance it with Princess
same position as you. For you the question is: Do you desire not to
same, if possible, you should get married...."
sarcastically. "You were nowhere to be seen."
sat down beside her. "You can't conceive it! For six weeks he did
saw it in your eyes. Yes, yes! What can it all lead to? You were
say to you?" she repeated.
say which had the better chance. Why didn't you fight it out? I told
saying as usual: "So you'll get this ready for me?" and with that
saying to himself- "You mustn't be excited, you must be calm. What's
saying; "but you know that friendship is not what I want: that there's
says you're a real heroine of romance, and that if she were a man
schools are of no good to me, but positively harmful, as I told you.
see her, please; help her with advice; you know all about it. She will
see him sometimes. You didn't think I had a love story, too," she
see no possibility before us of peace- either for me or for you. I see
see you."
seem to you utterly unnecessary and out of place; it may be that
seems to me you are wrong in using the expression 'rights'. It would
seen you. I won't, I won't," she said, gulping down her tears and
service, and never a word but of kindness, and there you'd up and say,
setting it right. Do as I told you, and make a new staircase."
settled today. You know what I mean. How splendid it would be!"
shade of expression on the Prince's face. "So you will send me that
shall die; and I'm very glad I shall die, and release myself and you."
shall not return again to this house, and you will receive notice of
she began. "I'll begin with the ladies. Princess Varvara- you know
she corrected herself- "Stepan Arkadyevich told me nothing. You'll
she kissed her. "If I could only be even a little like you!"
she read it to me and I gave the manuscript to Vorkuev... you know,
she responded. "Please don't talk to me about the opera; you know
she said to Masha. "No, if you wish it, I'll speak to Stiva. He'll
she wants to make for you," she said, putting the cup down with a
she writes. I see you're smiling ironically, but you're wrong. She's
she-bear? How are you, Arkhip!"
should like to know what you were thinking about then! Something
should meet you. I have come to tell you that this must end. I have
should so like to see how you skate. Do put on skates, and let's skate
shoulders. "How can you be serious about it?"
simply sorry, sorry from my heart for you!"
since I heard about you, about your refusal, I began... Of course, I
sings too loud.- Thank you," she said, her little hand in its long
situation you are in. What can be done if married people find that
situation. I'm appealing to you" ("not as to an injured husband,"
sleepy eyes shone like stars. "It's your own fault. You took fright at
smallest foundation for them, then I beg you to think a little, and if
smile, touching her hand. "Anyone who didn't know you would think
smile. "My daughter has lost her heart to you," she said. "Possibly
smiling her kindly and rather mocking smile, "why are you angry with
smiling his simple and open smile; "but you had unexpectedly left
so insulted, so excited, that you look at many things mistakenly."
so lovely of you to come."
so stifling. Happiness is all that's the matter with me! Why is it you
so you're still as ever enjoying your peaceful, quiet happiness," he
so, and respect you, that I venture to advise. Receive him. Alexei
some delay, anyway, but you might try it." And Levin did try, and
some time when you see Pomorsky, to drop him a hint that I should be
somehow everything becomes of no consequence. When you understand that
something. Would you like some champagne? Or shall we go somewhere?
soon. Tonight I don't advise you to speak," said Stepan Arkadyevich.
sorry for herself, and she almost burst into tears. "If you knew
sort of congratulation, saying, "How glad I am you have met Kitty
spending all the winter with her- you would have pity on her. Her
spot by the eighth. If you would do me the honor to stop with me!"
springs, especially now that you're ready for the journey."
stalls; you can take Krassinsky's stall," added Iashvin as he went
stick up for one's rights in it; or acknowledge that you are
strangers. Come, have a drink. Tell me what you're doing," he went on,
subject. "I know about you," she said to Levin; "that you're not a
succeed, as you think, and you give in. How can you have so little
such a splendid old man there! You can't fancy how delightful he was!"
suddenly at the name of Sergei Ivanovich. "I'll tell you why... But
suddenly brightening. "Come, I'll show her to you. Elle est tres
suffering. "Wouldn't it be of use to you to have a letter to
supper? Masha, bring supper for three. No, stop a minute. Do you
support in religion- you remember we talked about that- no father
support. You know that through his mother and brother he can do
suppose that this news would affect me so, that you must even try to
suppose? I'll give you a hundred guesses, a thousand... you'd never
sweet it is of you, how right of you to have come! They live like
sweetness. I believe you're envious."
take him away. He can say you're expecting visitors. Altogether he
take you to your room," she said, getting up, and on the way she
talking scandal, while here you will arouse other feelings, of the
tastes, though I have seen so little of you."
tears that were choking him. "Yes, yes, I understand you," he
tell Vronsky of Levin's intentions in regard to Kitty. "No, you
tell you about myself. I was married, and my husband deceived me; in
tell you which crop's profitable, and which isn't."
thank you for your kindness to my daughter," he said taking off his
that a wealthy man of the highest society, and a Count, too (you
that doesn't matter. Don't talk about it. Where have you been? With
that has taken possession of me. I went away, you see, because I
that he's ashamed for the children's sake, and that, loving you-
that irritated her, "simply obstinacy. For you it's a question of
that you may know that, since you have not carried out my wishes in
that you weren't here, and that you were seen in Peterhof on Monday."
that you've not enough cash, but in this case one's dignity is in
that's all of a piece, and you want the whole of life to be of a piece
that's what upsets him."- "You're not well, Alexei Alexandrovich," she
that, used to town housekeeping as you are, you must feel you are in
that? You always praise the mouzhiks so."
the Prince? Why did you find it so tiresome?"
the adornment of your study," he said, indicating the Baroness. "You
the bottles and brushes on the dressing table. "You may go. I'll dress
the breast. "But give me him quickly. Oh, nurse, how tiresome you are!
the cause of my irritability, as you call it, can be in my being
the cold shoulder until you're married. And that's so simple nowadays.
the country. But you promised it, and she wrote to you, and moved to
the day after you left. You must settle with him, Konstantin
the day before yesterday: 'There, he will keep waiting for you; he
the dessiatina, for one rouble. Here, for no kind of reason, you've
the doctor, raising his eyebrows significantly. "Will you be at the
the expression of suffering on Anna's face. "All I see is that you
the exquisite creature I imagine you to be? But for goodness' sake
the fact that you weren't in the room... I couldn't have been so
the fool. And, as you know, one could never say that of oneself."
the house at some fixed hour, or will you let me know when and where I
the house is topsy-turvy. You must have pity, sir, on the children.
the lines. 'You've got a splendid hand,' she said." And he looked at
the magnanimity of him with whom it rests. You cannot conceive the
the matter with you? What do you want? Be still, foolish one," he
the matter; and she went on, smiling: "How can you or your friends
the metayage system, rent, and day laborers. What are you trying to
the noise and jolting of a steamer. And so you maintain that the
the question: "Was there perhaps something you disliked about
the result of that would be? I can tell you it all beforehand," and
the results in the religious, the civil, and the domestic aspects. You
the reward of my work and of my sufferings... Would you believe it?
the same words. "What do you doubt about principally?"
the sick man.- You should try purgative medicine. Taken it: worse. Try
the sight of your rival. But, as I told you at the time, I couldn't
the summer in Baden, and you wouldn't believe it, I felt quite a young
the trees in my forest, while you make Riabinin a present of thirty
the tutor. "I told you it was a dangerous game. And we shall have to
the window of the carriage they were driving in. "You don't mind? It's
the word "criminal," as Alexei Alexandrovich did.) "'I warned you of
the work itself. And I could have wished you had understood that. If
the work will seem hard to you; but when you work" (Alexei
the work. You speak of energy. Energy rests upon love; and, come as it
the world with you and never be dull. You are one of those
the young people's arrival, "have you a certificate of having been
their material position? You say schools, education, will give them
them I saw the races in the Corso in Rome. But you don't care for life
them and went on: "This is the theoretical view; but I imagine you
them dance- and not as you did tonight: only the wooers, and doing
them, and the matter you are so worried about is of that nature..."
them, you'll find it a difficult job; but strain a string to its
them. Levin knew that those words meant, "You see, and you know,
them? And that's a great difference. You must see that I can't
then do what she tells you."
then you thought of coming yourself."
then, and I have come to tell you that I can change nothing."
then, when you are sure you love her, you propose..."
there must be someone to look after them; just as on your land you
there was a dispute over it- over you. You know how irritable these
there, and I'll come and fetch you, and we'll go and dine somewhere
these atrocities. Fancy, if you were going along the street and saw
they had given her jealousy. "What did you begin to tell me about
they met Kitty's eyes said: "Who are you? What are you? Are you really
thing of you- to extricate her from the impossible position in which
thing's awful.... Here, you've been married, you know the
thing, don't you see, may be looked at tragically, and turned into
thing: why need you worry about the peasants?"
things in Italian you're a triple fool," he said after a long dispute.
think it a matter of no importance whether 'the people,' whom you love
think, as what I feel. I have a loathing for fallen women. You're
think. And in return you will enjoy all the privileges of a faithful
think? Could it possibly have happened otherwise than that you
thinking of him. I love him, I am his mistress; I can't bear you;
thinking... that I'm not worthy of you. You couldn't consent to
this change of subject that he knew she was irritated, "why did you
this not because you regard our position as normal, but because,
this! You may- but I can't do it!"
thoroughly. You can't love me... if... Better say so," he said,
though, aren't you, and can't be away for long?"
thoughtlessness and lack of caution you may cause yourself to be
thoughts, "there may be reason to hesitate; but for me... You must
thoughts. "But if only you knew how wretched I am! I believe you, I
thousand; but you get from the government your liferent, and I don't
three times the yield you got before. Divide it in halves, give half
through in Peterburg during that fortnight.... And I beg you to
thrust my happiness from me. I always loved you only, but I was
till you've turned the poor lass's head. Levin's a thousand times
time you rub tar against wool, a certain phenomenon is manifested; but
time!... Well, what do you say to the Montenegrins now? They're a race
to all sorts of hotels.... You would be a hindrance to me," said
to be sure. Do you suppose they keep vodka for sale?" said the
to convince himself that she was not bored. "Are you coming, Anna?" he
to do with the Claras. If you don't succeed with them it only proves
to drink bad tea! How different it is at home! You get up in no haste,
to find out something; you know how it is in dreams," she said, her
to fling my cap over the mill, other starchy people will give you
to forget what you have said, even as I shall forget it," she said
to have just half an hour to meet you, so that I can prove to you my
to her. She's a wench, and you're a gentleman," he said, with a jerk
to him. "Get along with you, my dear!"
to him. The expression of her face was cold and ungracious. "You
to let it alone? Still, you may do as you like...."
to look at you, to be joyful. You're alive, but I'm bored."
to me after the races and was in despair at not finding you. She
to me for? You look down on all this; very well, then; but go away, in
to me- and I myself most of all. You can't imagine what loathsome
to me. But if you would like proof..."
to me.... Why don't you look at me?"
to old Madame Vrede. And, besides, you will only give her a chance for
to please his mother, forget you and make you unhappy; he had no
to say, and richly colored is that passage where you feel Cordelia's
to say, mentally addressing her; "so much the worse for you. Now you
to say... I came for this... To have you be my wife!" he blurted
to secure my honor, and communicate them to you."
to speak of love. "I have long meant to tell you this," she went on,
to the club, and ends by becoming a shlupik. Ah, you laugh! but we
to this: that you make the mainspring self-interest, while I contend
to trust me with your confidence, you will do well to leave me the
to you this is comprehensible."
to you, there's a sort of coldness in him toward the most important
today I'm going to the club, and I may come out a beggar. You see,
together. No, it's a useless journey you're making," she said,
told Stiva you were staying on to get Iashvin away. And you have
tomorrow I will give you a final answer," he said, after considering a
tomorrow? This is a confession that weighs on me; I want to make you
too tired, my dear. Well, Kondratii will take you in the carriage,
too- but that's not how it is. You despise public official work
too. And you've your lesson, sir; run along."
too? I'll tell you my own case. Before I took to seeing after the
torture me for? I've told you, and I repeat it- I have some pride, and
torture myself and torture you with my jealousy.... And it will come
touching his hand. "I've told you what I know, and I repeat that in
treasure have you been buying lately at the rag fair?"
true that you're a savage? How do you explain the sudden way in
try asking him whether his post is of any use- he'll prove to you that
turning away. "Come, it's time for you to dress now," she added, after
turning to Vronsky. "Where do you have your dinner?"
turning to him. "What they read in the church? What do you think about
twenty thousand- after all, it's a growing thing, you know!"
uncovered her face, "I do not advise you to do this. Do you suppose
under her brows. "You do not love him.... Leave me Seriozha!"
understand anything. So you think he'll propose to her today?" he
understand me, and that's why I like you awfully. But for God's
understand me. Could you send Seriozha to me, or should I come to
understand them, "you know, maman, I somehow expect things to be
understand what the mysterious business is that you are always
understand you: I understand that you can't take it on yourself to
understanding all the difficulty of the position, you still love her
undeveloped that you can't see all that you can do, or you won't
up in a sharp angle. "Why didn't you turn up at Theater at Krasnoe
used to say; "but for a young and pretty woman like you it's much
utter a word of reproach to you," Alexei Alexandrovich went on. "My
veil. "I tell you that's not the point- I can't doubt that; but see
very strange to me in that way. I told you, you know..."
very well for you; but for me, with a son to keep at the university,
very, very sweet. And I should like you better still, if I had
vexation, but nothing more. "You would not be open with me," he seemed
view of you. As far as I can make out, they don't approve of this. She
voice at the open door. "For God's sake, forgive me! See me as you
vous ferai grace de rien. I must have everything out with you. Oh, I
waiting for you. I believe I'm not jealous. I'm not jealous: I believe
want to give it up... that you don't want it?"
want to go because you are here. Of course, that was nonsense; but
want to! I'll set you free. You don't love me; you love someone else!"
want to. But what do you tell me that for? With what object?" she
want you, and I know you ought, to be friends, and great friends,
wanted to ask you directly what you think of me, of my life?"
wanted to come myself, but thought better of it, knowing you would
wanted to love him. "Don't you understand that from the day I loved
wanting to know. But I'm glad you will see me as I am. The chief thing
was a king in Thu-u-le.' Vronsky, will you have a drink?"
was awfully stupid. Well, then, when do you think of going?"
was bringing the dead bird to her master. "Well, I'm glad you were
was doubtful if he would ever leave his bed again. "It's always of you
was young. You would not believe how charming he was as a youth, but I
was your husband have no interest for you. You don't care that his
watching his fingers with agitation. "You picked off two."
waters, the sun, the flowers, the grass?' Can you say to him: 'I don't
way, halfheartedly. If I could care for all that as I care for you!...
way. And it will be better indeed without you."
we are better at it than anyone. I assure you I have reckoned it all
we'll talk about that later. You wouldn't believe it, I'm like a
we've spoken openly. And, do you know, stand shooting in the morning
well knew how to assume, the meaning of which was: "You may like or
were on their way back, "Alexei will have a capital atelier. You
were silent about me.... Do you understand?"
were to say to you: He would have been like this and like that, and he
were, and that's why you and Sergei Ivanovich don't like people to try
what I sought- in you. I love you, and offer you my hand."
what a poetry and loftiness you were for him, and I know that the
what can you be thinking about! When for me there's no one in the
what does it mean- you know all about such things- in our village of
what it is for me! When I feel as I do now, that you are hostile- yes,
what you have told me I can't be at peace, when you can't be at
what's the use of talking? There's only one thing... What did you come
whatever but that you should not stumble- see? Oh, but really you
whatever. She has deserved it, you will say. She knows that and asks
when you thought of breaking off... If you are convinced now that
when you're frightened, panic-stricken, and all of a sudden you wake
where Sviiazhsky wished to see the new stallion. "You go on, while I
whether you keep the upper hand of me, while for me..." Again she felt
which he spoke. "What do you want it for?"
which only women know. "At the time when you proposed to Kitty she was
which she had called him when he was little "you won't forget me?
which you vanished from Moscow? The Shcherbatskys were continually
while. He... Are you... with your wife?"
whisper, touching the baby. "What makes you think he knows you?" she
who didn't care for you, that you loved him, did you?"
who had come in; "you didn't let us get a wink of sleep all night."
who humbles himself shall be exalted. And you cannot thank me. You
who isn't bored. Tell me- how do you do it?"
who was coming in. "Here, what do you think, Maria Efimovna: he let
who's to blame for it all: you- you, you alone. Laws against such
whom?... To go on being my husband while he and she... It's awful! You
why I'm telling you, just because I do not even for an instant
why are you silent?" And directly they began to talk he would close
why. To my mind, love... both sorts of love, which you remember
wife without fulfilling her duties. That's all I have to say to you.
wife. "Did you notice how she fell down?..."
will admit, and you will, without exhausting the soil, get twice or
will always be so full that you can do nothing. Look at Mazankov, at
will be no help to you. You can't get away from yourselves." Turning
will not make you quarrel with me; but for your own sake, I should say
will you do this?" he said after a moment's silence, bending over
with him. Do you understand? The sight of him has a physical effect in
with him. You understand, I shall try not to see him, but I'm glad
with me. I got a note from Stiva that you were here."
with my husband when he's in trouble, but you try on purpose to hurt
with my mother in Nice. Nice itself is dull enough, you know. And,
with offspring. Are you?- Well, what sort of bringing-up can you
with you to point out directly the steps you consider necessary to end
with you," answered Darya Alexandrovna, rather astonished.
without answering. "Couldn't you take your son, and still leave him?
without seeing you. Come in this evening. Alexei Alexandrovich goes to
without taking off her hat. "You're all in good spirits. That means
woman with a heart, before everything, but you'll see. Now she has a
woman would not have found resources in herself. But you'll see how
woman's superintendence, is needed. You will intrust it to me?"
woman, I'm a bad woman, yet I am the same as I was, as I told you
won't be pleasant for Vronsky to see him. Say what you will, I'm
won't forgive me, because you don't know him. No one knows him. I'm
won't... I can't quarrel with you. Of course you couldn't come. No,
wonder. "What do you want of me?"
word precisely because it means too much to me, far more than you
words, you know, to encourage them; you do that so well," he added
world, no one, no one!... Would you like me never to see anyone?
worry him? That Vronsky paid you attentions- that happens to every
worth death and life. God grant you success outwardly- and inwardly
would beg you to return to Peterburg as quickly as possible- not later
would compromise you.- Tea in the small dining room, please," she
wouldn't believe what a pleasure mowing is! How have you spent the
wouldn't drink his coffee without you, though he's grown so dreadfully
wouldn't you? And then the boat, perhaps," said Anna.
write is as a workman of more use and value to you."
write you, if may know?" he asked.
wrong, that pride you so despise makes any thought of Katerina
yes, yes, loving you beyond everything on earth," she hurriedly
yet been taken, if I understand rightly. Before you take advice, see
you are a good man. Put yourself in her position for a minute. The
you are inclined to look at things too tragically."
you are sick of this life.... Yes, you will come for a day and go
you at the time that..." He yawned inwardly, without opening his
you came. You are such purity that..." He took her hand and did not
you can't give her; while the other sacrifices everything for you
you cannot make each other happy..."
you could not..." (Darya Alexandrovna hesitated) "correct, or
you could secure what you desire?"
you did abroad. Where have you been?" said Stepan Arkadyevich, when
you didn't let me know before- that is, at the time of my wedding? I
you dine with us?"
you direct us to apply to Her Excellency, would you graciously
you do not know me. I am..."
you do receive!" Vronsky interrupted her still more gloomily, and he
you don't feel how it pains her to hear the least hint as to the cause
you don't fully apprehend the change that has taken place in him."
you don't see your wife: here she is."
you don't try to learn what is most necessary of all for a Christian,"
you ever since Anna has been ill. I have heard all about it- your
you everything has changed for me? For me there is one thing, and
you for nothing; she says plainly that she dare not ask you. But I,
you for. Your action was just what it should have been. I see that,
you get cross, grumble a little and come round again. You've time to
you go from the Shcherbatskys'?"
you had loved me..."
you in the law courts that speaks like that. The only one is Meidel,
you it's a temporary error and will pass."
you know all that's been done in Europe on the question of the
you know how it all came about? The peasants asked him for some
you know what he did...."
you know where it is? And bring an answer back immediately," she
you know, he burred: Il faut le battre, le fer, le broyer, le
you know. Come, let's go!"
you know."
you know."
you love your child as a good father, you will not desire only wealth,
you may live here with your mistress!"
you may not be in error regarding me. You know I had resolved on a
you may well understand, if you do me the honor of supposing I have
you men from afar, who takes everything on trust- a girl may have, and
you might at least ask for some milk for me."
you might go back to him. Go back to him. If you want money, I'll give
you might not agree."
you must choose your path and keep to it. Pray to God that He may in
you must look life in the face. I know it's hard, but..."
you must understand that my wife- my wife!- a respectable woman is
you now are going to work, to study, in order to win a reward, then
you off without a supper. You're our- one of the most thorough,"
you parted, you were as magnanimous as could possibly be; you were
you please."
you read the last circular in the Journal de St Petersbourg? I think
you really what she did. It's a thousand pities Miss Elliot's not with
you regret it?" she said, getting up and running away into the drawing
you see that big building? That's the new hospital. I believe it
you see: I'm in a fortunate position," she began, quite serious now,
you shall have half a rouble for every dessiatina."
you tell me the truth?..."
you that I don't believe there was any tragedy about it. And this is
you that in your quarrel with Sergei Ivanovich I take neither side.
you to care as little about it as I do."
you to forgive me. But if you are conscious yourself of even the
you to let me know what your terms are."
you understand, she doesn't care to have people come as a favor.
you were a stepmother, not a true mother."
you were in Moscow?"
you were in town. Very glad to see you." The old Prince embraced
you were not going."
you what: if you want to see them, they're sure now to be at the
you when you're here, near me; but when you're away somewhere
you will die tomorrow, if not today, and nothing will be left, then
you will give us so much pleasure," said the Princess with her
you will grieve my wife and me if you don't."
you will say that it's egoism, but what a legitimate and noble egoism.
you will, her very death was the death of a vile woman, of no
you will, it's a low business."
you with a petition."
you won't get, and which isn't possible for you."
you would do better not to go. You can't do him any good; still, do as
you! Eh, Princess?" he turned to the lady.
you'd come. I'll get up directly."
you'll see the house in a moment. It was his grandfather's house,
you're afraid of sleeplessness. That's precisely what Anna
you're ami cochon, and you beg him to be candidate. Count Vronsky,
you're not going to get away from us, and you're not going to be
you're so amiable with Sergei Ivanovich, when you care to be...
you're unhappy."
you've been doing. What is the matter? Why are you unwell, and what
you've come," he said, addressing a tall old footman of his mother's
you've done for me by what you said. I'm so happy that I've become
you've got to do with. And if you think you're lowering yourself-
you've not been to see our school, have you?"
you, I see it, as a woman, quite differently. I see your agony, and
you, and how ready I am to do anything for you; but I have not spoken,
you, and you must help me when I need it- whether it's the sowing of
you, you ought to go to see her today. You know how she takes
you," and suddenly he stopped short from the tears that choked him,
you," he said again in French, with a note of tender supplication in
you," he said in his dilatory, high-pitched voice, and in that tone
you," he went on, speaking French, as he always did, to avoid using
you," said the porter, hearing the tutor's steps approaching, and,
you," she added, as he picked up the handkerchief that had fallen
you," she finished.
you," she said.
you," she said; and the serious and set line of her lips, which he saw
you- I simply admire you and like you." "I like you too, and you're
you- and this too," he added with a glance toward her waist that she
you. Please do talk to him; he's walking up and down on that side."
you."
you."
you."
you."
you..."
you: tell me all about it."
you; I know him; please write a note about his case. He's being sent
you?"
you?"
you?"
your avowal to him at your summer villa he had broken with you, if
your heart prompts you, to speak out to me..."
your matching. It makes me sick- sick to see it- and you've gone on
your memory. I apply to you and not to Alexei Alexandrovich, simply
your time and attention. I have come simply to consult you as a
yourself. It's very nice for you to have three thousand dessiatinas in
